  Edge of Nowhere Review
,When I sit down to play a game in VR, I never expect that I'll last for more than an hour at a time. Headsets aren't seamless, and the experience of being enveloped in a game can be physically taxing depending on how it utilizes the hardware. When I played Edge of Nowhere, I never felt compelled to quit or take a break. It strikes a natural balance, leveraging VR's inherent sense of immersion to evoke emotional reactions, while delivering its gameplay in a familiar and intuitive manner. This is a four-hour experience that you play in one sitting not because it's hypothetically better that way, but because it successfully commands your attention from beginning to end.
  Odin Sphere Leifthrasir Review
,Fairy tales are rarely complex, but from their simplicity grows profound truths that resonate with both young and old. Odin Sphere Leithrasir tells five such tales, all intertwined into an overarching volume, each story glowing with heartwarming sincerity and clarity. Like in fables of yore, you can always tell who the bad guy is going to be, and love arrives with the chirps of bluebirds and the calls of trumpets. You could accuse Odin Sphere of too much telling and not enough showing, but its genuineness slips right past such criticism. You can’t stay cross with it any more than you can stay cross with a bright-eyed puppy playing in dandelions. It’s too earnest, too kindhearted, too sweet for that.
  Shadow of the Beast Review
,Those of us who read our game manuals cover to cover in the '80s were often treated to verbose backstories that help set the scene. These introductions provided context that was often missing within the game, and a deeper understanding of the hero’s motivation. In its modern reimagining of 
  Hitman Go VR Review
,Hitman Go is an excellent example of a game that takes core elements from a franchise and turns them into something wholly different, while feeling through and through like it belongs. As you solve its puzzles, you feel like you're making your way towards an assassination target, completely undetected. It's marvelous how a simple and engaging puzzle game can be nothing like its precursor yet maintain a similar spirit. It's something that carries over to virtual reality but isn't helped by it--instead, it makes a poor case for why you should play it in VR at all.
  Party Hard Review
,After a long day of work, you come home exhausted, make yourself dinner, take a quick shower, watch some television or play a video game. Then you try to get some sleep. After a few unsuccessful hours of tossing and turning, it’s already 3AM. You lie in your bed wide awake. The massive college party next door, with its obnoxious electronic music, isn't letting up. Do you complain? Do you call the cops? Nope. Instead, you put on a hockey mask, grab a butcher’s knife, and kill everyone at the party.
  Alienation Review
,Housemarque has produced action games with an old school pedigree for years, but Alienation may be its most intense release yet. The epitome of the retro-style, overhead four-player shooter done up with new school technology, this is a game that clearly shows off the developer's skills at crafting intense action experiences. Alienation isn’t that far removed from Housemarque’s 
  The Magic Circle: Gold Edition Review
,The Magic Circle is another entry in the burgeoning but fascinating subgenre of games about the process of making games. Most games in that niche tend to aim small, often taking up the perspective of underdogs struggling to make tiny personal games in an industry filled with multimillion-dollar productions. The Magic Circle, on the other hand, aims big. It’s the product of AAA veterans, evidenced by some impressive technical wizardry, but also by the tone and timbre of its commentary, which pointedly deconstructs the egos of business types that tend to rip creativity up by the roots during big-budget game development.
  Ashes of the Singularity Review
,At times, I can't help but marvel at Ashes of the Singularity. Watching a battlefield gradually pack in thousands of hover-tanks and carriers as supply lines stretch and groan to support massive war efforts is intoxicating. There's a wonderment here that begs you to grasp at what commanding a continent-spanning conflict might feel like. At that scale, the subtle movements of fighter squadrons and the flashes of canon fire yield to larger vistas, and you can feel the game's pulse as wave after wave of enemies cascade across your screen. Impressive though it may be, peeling away the lustrous exterior reveals that Ashes of the Singularity is a surprisingly hollow game, with few novel ideas to support its scale.
  Dead Star Review
,There was a time before Doom when the term “shooter” meant something entirely different: scrolling spaceship games where blasting everything in sight was the only goal. It’s an ideal format for cooperative multiplayer games, yet seldom actually used. Dead Star, however, jumps headlong into old-school space combat to create a multiplayer-focused game that works amazingly well.
  Stranger of Sword City Review
,When Stranger of Sword City starts, you are the only surviving passenger from a plane that left Japan and somehow ended up crashing into another dimension, a ruined purgatorial wasteland strewn with the remnants of our world. It’s an apt setup for a game that finds itself helplessly trapped between worlds. It’s too obtuse, too lackadaisical about its plot to hold your interest, and too threadbare to offer worthwhile depth. It’s a game fundamentally trying to be different, but trips up trying to fit any of its innovations onto the basic framework.
  Salt and Sanctuary Review
,Ska Studios' predominantly hand drawn art in Salt and Sanctuary is deliberately rough around the edges, a stylistic carryover from its Dishwasher series. It leans on the darkest of earth tones, which is fitting for a game this gloomy and unwelcoming. You couldn’t fault a Ska fan for mistaking Salt and Sanctuary as a sequel to The Dishwasher, at least at first glance; beneath the familiar presentation lies a game that's more like Dark Souls than anything else.
  The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human Review
,The post-apocalypse is often depicted as a barren, almost desert-like place where broken-down buildings and abandoned towns litter the land. The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human flips this concept on its head and depicts a post-apocalyptic Earth covered in water long after the demise of humanity. You pilot a harpoon-equipped submarine through a vast ocean teeming with violent wildlife. But exploring does more than bridge the gap between each fight, as there are places to discover, upgrades to collect, and bits of story to piece together. The world's mystery, and its measured access, make the exploration thoroughly enjoyable.
  Baldur's Gate: Siege of Dragonspear Review
,More than 16 years after Bioware’s original 
  Enter the Gungeon Review
,Enter the Gungeon is a game I should love. It’s a dungeon-crawling, bullet hell roguelike that has a whimsical soundtrack and great visuals. But all of this personality and style is undermined by conflicting concepts, and Enter the Gungeon's lasting appeal suffers for it.
  Homeworld: Deserts of Kharak Review
,We cling to the Kapisi. Battered and fragile, it is our home now. It is a massive aircraft carrier crawling through the endless shifting sands that stretch across our planet, Kharak. Thousands of miles from home, on a fool's errand to find some MacGuffin that might save us from the expanding deserts, we are alone. When we launched this expedition, traitors and zealots destroyed everything we left behind; our only choice is to press on.
  Beyond: Two Souls Review
,The PS4 port of Beyond: Two Souls doesn’t fix the game's core issues. It’s still a very stilted, awkward experience in spots, usually right after a stretch where the gameplay and narrative get everything right. What it does do--thanks to this edition’s best new feature, where the timeline-hopping narrative can be played in chronological order--is strip away some of the high-concept pretense and deliver a straightforward story that's stronger as a result.
  Dirt Rally Review
,Hurtling down a muddy forest track in the heart of Wales, my Subaru Impreza’s engine sputters into overdrive with a ferocious howl as I climb perilously close to top speed. The dense walls of trees on either side blur into a desaturated mess of browns and greens. I feel the sweat release into my palms with every rising number on the speedometer. My co-driver warns of a fast-approaching bump in the road and, just as the words leave him, I soar into the air. Control is ripped from my grasp, but only for this glorious, nerve-wracking moment. The wheels come tumbling back down again, depressing the suspension springs with a worrying thud.
  Assassin’s Creed Chronicles: India Review
,Say what you will about the Assassin’s Creed Chronicles games so far: They know how to make one heck of a first impression. With India, the ominous mists that frequently shrouded the floating junks and palaces of the previous game--
  Minecraft: Story Mode Episode Three--The Last Place You Look Review
,(There be story spoilers below. Proceed at your own risk!)
  Ashes of the Singularity Review
,At times, I can't help but marvel at Ashes of the Singularity. Watching a battlefield gradually pack in thousands of hover-tanks and carriers as supply lines stretch and groan to support massive war efforts is intoxicating. There's a wonderment here that begs you to grasp at what commanding a continent-spanning conflict might feel like. At that scale, the subtle movements of fighter squadrons and the flashes of canon fire yield to larger vistas, and you can feel the game's pulse as wave after wave of enemies cascade across your screen. Impressive though it may be, peeling away the lustrous exterior reveals that Ashes of the Singularity is a surprisingly hollow game, with few novel ideas to support its scale.
  Dead Star Review
,There was a time before Doom when the term “shooter” meant something entirely different: scrolling spaceship games where blasting everything in sight was the only goal. It’s an ideal format for cooperative multiplayer games, yet seldom actually used. Dead Star, however, jumps headlong into old-school space combat to create a multiplayer-focused game that works amazingly well.
  The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human Review
,The post-apocalypse is often depicted as a barren, almost desert-like place where broken-down buildings and abandoned towns litter the land. The Aquatic Adventure of the Last Human flips this concept on its head and depicts a post-apocalyptic Earth covered in water long after the demise of humanity. You pilot a harpoon-equipped submarine through a vast ocean teeming with violent wildlife. But exploring does more than bridge the gap between each fight, as there are places to discover, upgrades to collect, and bits of story to piece together. The world's mystery, and its measured access, make the exploration thoroughly enjoyable.
  Enter the Gungeon Review
,Enter the Gungeon is a game I should love. It’s a dungeon-crawling, bullet hell roguelike that has a whimsical soundtrack and great visuals. But all of this personality and style is undermined by conflicting concepts, and Enter the Gungeon's lasting appeal suffers for it.
  Stranger of Sword City Review
,When Stranger of Sword City starts, you are the only surviving passenger from a plane that left Japan and somehow ended up crashing into another dimension, a ruined purgatorial wasteland strewn with the remnants of our world. It’s an apt setup for a game that finds itself helplessly trapped between worlds. It’s too obtuse, too lackadaisical about its plot to hold your interest, and too threadbare to offer worthwhile depth. It’s a game fundamentally trying to be different, but trips up trying to fit any of its innovations onto the basic framework.
  Odin Sphere Leifthrasir Review
,Fairy tales are rarely complex, but from their simplicity grows profound truths that resonate with both young and old. Odin Sphere Leithrasir tells five such tales, all intertwined into an overarching volume, each story glowing with heartwarming sincerity and clarity. Like in fables of yore, you can always tell who the bad guy is going to be, and love arrives with the chirps of bluebirds and the calls of trumpets. You could accuse Odin Sphere of too much telling and not enough showing, but its genuineness slips right past such criticism. You can’t stay cross with it any more than you can stay cross with a bright-eyed puppy playing in dandelions. It’s too earnest, too kindhearted, too sweet for that.
  Salt and Sanctuary Review
,Ska Studios' predominantly hand drawn art in Salt and Sanctuary is deliberately rough around the edges, a stylistic carryover from its Dishwasher series. It leans on the darkest of earth tones, which is fitting for a game this gloomy and unwelcoming. You couldn’t fault a Ska fan for mistaking Salt and Sanctuary as a sequel to The Dishwasher, at least at first glance; beneath the familiar presentation lies a game that's more like Dark Souls than anything else.
  Baldur's Gate: Siege of Dragonspear Review
,More than 16 years after Bioware’s original 
  Edge of Nowhere Review
,When I sit down to play a game in VR, I never expect that I'll last for more than an hour at a time. Headsets aren't seamless, and the experience of being enveloped in a game can be physically taxing depending on how it utilizes the hardware. When I played Edge of Nowhere, I never felt compelled to quit or take a break. It strikes a natural balance, leveraging VR's inherent sense of immersion to evoke emotional reactions, while delivering its gameplay in a familiar and intuitive manner. This is a four-hour experience that you play in one sitting not because it's hypothetically better that way, but because it successfully commands your attention from beginning to end.
  Hitman Go VR Review
,Hitman Go is an excellent example of a game that takes core elements from a franchise and turns them into something wholly different, while feeling through and through like it belongs. As you solve its puzzles, you feel like you're making your way towards an assassination target, completely undetected. It's marvelous how a simple and engaging puzzle game can be nothing like its precursor yet maintain a similar spirit. It's something that carries over to virtual reality but isn't helped by it--instead, it makes a poor case for why you should play it in VR at all.
  Shadow of the Beast Review
,Those of us who read our game manuals cover to cover in the '80s were often treated to verbose backstories that help set the scene. These introductions provided context that was often missing within the game, and a deeper understanding of the hero’s motivation. In its modern reimagining of 
  Excubitor Review
,Excubitor is one of the more clever takes on old-school, top-down shooting we’ve seen in some time. After a few minutes with the game, its mix of classic arcade-style gameplay with modern tower defense mechanics seems so logical, you’ll wonder why there haven’t been more attempts at this cross-genre combination.
  Party Hard Review
,After a long day of work, you come home exhausted, make yourself dinner, take a quick shower, watch some television or play a video game. Then you try to get some sleep. After a few unsuccessful hours of tossing and turning, it’s already 3AM. You lie in your bed wide awake. The massive college party next door, with its obnoxious electronic music, isn't letting up. Do you complain? Do you call the cops? Nope. Instead, you put on a hockey mask, grab a butcher’s knife, and kill everyone at the party.
  Slain Review
,A legendary warrior named Bathoryn has long been dead, with his coffin lying undisturbed in a dark dungeon. Subtle and eerie piano notes are playing in the background, with a stunning blue mist, and several cobwebs enveloping Bathoryn’s resting place. Then a blue spectre appears out of nowhere, resurrecting the warrior back from the dead. He is the only one capable of killing a powerful vampire lord named Vroll. I’m watching Slain’s opening cinematic in awe of its breathtaking Gothic art direction and atmosphere. But then I actually begin playing the game, and it all goes downhill from there.
  Grim Dawn Review
,Grim Dawn is a fast-paced, gory, and loot-filled action RPG that deserves a spot among the greats of the genre. The developers at Crate Entertainment have ticked off all the boxes that hack-and-slash fans want, and as one of those fans, I was reminded of countless experiences from the past, but there's more to Grim Dawn than old tricks.
  Lucky's Tale Review
,Lucky's Tale does middle-of-the-road perfectly, never veering too far from the familiar, delivering exactly what we've come to expect from mascot platforming games over the past 20 years. The bright-eyed star, Lucky, bears the hallmarks of a cartoon icon. The enemies and obstacles he crosses recall genre classics like Super Mario 64 and Spyro the Dragon: cute, colorful, and brimming with charm. The familiar elements in Lucky's Tale aren't a reason to write it off, but they don't do the game any favors either, making it feel more like a trip down memory lane than an exciting journey into unknown territory. Lucky's Tale comes bundled with every Oculus Rift, and it's a good first step into VR, but that doesn't automatically make it a noteworthy game.
  Trackmania Turbo Review
,The 
  Into the Stars Review
,I never could have guessed flying past that moon would have had such dire consequences. The Skorn were hot on my trail, and if I didn't hightail it out of there, I would have been attacked by two of their drones. Considering my ace engineer was out of commission, I wasn't about to let that happen. There was some hope: I could see the glimmer of a planet in the distance. I was running out of food and oxygen, but if I could survive long enough to reach the planet, I could restock my supplies and continue my journey towards my new home--humanity's newest colony. My chances were slim, but I made it to the planet on my last leg. A rush of relief washed over me. And then I discovered the planet had zero resources.
  Galactic Civilizations III: Mercenaries Review
,Stretched across the stars, my empire carried the burden of centuries of war. Yet we had few alternatives. Recently liberated from occupiers, we were desperate for peace, but also for freedom. At our darkest hour, we looked to a legion of guns for hire to turn the tide and finish the fight. But soldiers of fortune make for the most tenuous of allies, and ultimately sour Galactic Civilizations III.
  Alienation Review
,Housemarque has produced action games with an old school pedigree for years, but Alienation may be its most intense release yet. The epitome of the retro-style, overhead four-player shooter done up with new school technology, this is a game that clearly shows off the developer's skills at crafting intense action experiences. Alienation isn’t that far removed from Housemarque’s 
  Moon Hunters Review
,It's easier to weave a good tale when given an abundance of time and space to flesh it out. The narrower your constraints, the harder it is to successfully tell a story, and the more glaring every single seam and flaw will be. In that sense the deck is stacked against Moon Hunters from the start; it has a lot of ambition in terms of the story it wants to tell, but with so little space to tell it, the game’s weaknesses become difficult to overlook.
  Cities: Skylines Snowfall Review
,The latest expansion to 
  The Magic Circle: Gold Edition Review
,The Magic Circle is another entry in the burgeoning but fascinating subgenre of games about the process of making games. Most games in that niche tend to aim small, often taking up the perspective of underdogs struggling to make tiny personal games in an industry filled with multimillion-dollar productions. The Magic Circle, on the other hand, aims big. It’s the product of AAA veterans, evidenced by some impressive technical wizardry, but also by the tone and timbre of its commentary, which pointedly deconstructs the egos of business types that tend to rip creativity up by the roots during big-budget game development.
  Football Manager 2016 Review
,Over the years I’ve played a dozen iterations of Football Manager and its predecessor, Championship Manager. I’ve taken twenty odd teams from rags to riches. I’ve won the World Cup, the Champions League, the Premiership, the Championship, League One, Serie A, La Liga, the Bundesliga, and most importantly, the Romanian Second Division. By this time last year I thought I was done. An assortment of minor annoyances and disappointments with 
  WWE 2K16 Review
,After 
  Tales of Zestiria Review
,Tales of Zestiria reinforces the notion that the Tales series is the
  Prison Architect Review
,A foundation is laid. I choose gentle white tiles for the floors. The usual amenities--a toilet, a bed--are here. I place bookshelves and create an unobstructed view to the west to see the sunset. The next room over, I’m placing the chair that will kill anyone who ever gets to stay in this building, and laying the electric circuits that will end lives at the flick of a switch. In my first hours of being a prison architect, I have essentially become Death, Destroyer of Worlds.
  Runbow Review
,Runbow, a strikingly colorful 2D platformer, not only challenges you to overcome its perilous obstacles, but also lets you race and punch eight other friends in a chaotic dash to the finish line. Its levels play out like linear assault courses, with moving platforms, pits of spikes and other classic videogame obstacles, which is a lot to manage when you're surrounded by eight other racers. With a full party racing towards the finish line, Runbow's multiplayer modes are an absolute blast. Photo finishes become memorable snapshots of how close or far away you were from grasping victory, and it will almost always be a close race as you leap, lunge, or even punch your way through the competition on the slightest chance that you can leapfrog someone.
  The Mean Greens - Plastic Warfare Review
,Little green army men were a staple in many kids' toy boxes, including my own. They were iconic and fun, and they came to life in two hugely popular ways in the '90s: Pixar's Toy Story and video games. Developer Virtual Basement tries to feed off this nostalgia in The Mean Greens - Plastic Warfare. It works at first, with green army men coming to life and running into battle on a cluttered arts and crafts table. However, The Mean Greens fails to offer an experience that lives up to the rose-tinted memories of imaginary battles with the toys that inspired it.
  Mario & Luigi: Paper Jam Review
,Paper Jam is a well-executed amalgam of Nintendo’s two active Mario RPG series, where the two-dimensional cast and papercraft creations of Paper Mario unknowingly invade the lands of Mario & Luigi. Both properties have four releases apiece, going back to 2001, so well spaced out that their sequels always alternated release years. Now is as logical a time as any for these two worlds to collide, but unfortunately, the fusion gameplay of Mario & Luigi: Paper Jam is almost as unsurprising as the game’s premise.
  Shardlight Review
,After fixing a dangerous nuclear reactor and killing a dying man by shooting his head with a crossbow, I finally meet one of Shardlight’s antagonists for the first time--Tiberius. With his unusual 18th century nobleman getup, including a white curled wig and a dashing, deep blue waistcoat, Shardlight’s depiction of Tiberius and its many other villains is one of the few times the game excitedly leaves its own print on the familiar post-apocalyptic setting.
  Dariusburst: Chronicle Saviours Review
,Darius Burst: Chronicle Saviours is the latest installment in Taito’s 30-year-old Darius franchise. It first appeared as a Japan-exclusive PSP game in 2009, eventually migrating to arcades, where it featured an elaborate cabinet that's two screens wide. While the series isn’t as well-known in the West as it is in Japan, it’s still widely regarded as one of the most influential shooting game series of all time; a legacy that Darius Burst captures well.
  Heavy Rain Review
,The first trophy you get after starting up Heavy Rain is one that thanks you for supporting interactive drama. It’s easy to forget that, when Heavy Rain released back in 2011, it was a game that doubled down on the idea that video games were ripe for experimentation with the language of film. Though it showed grand promise back then, Heavy Rain has been surpassed in that regard many times over by now--a fact that leaves it feeling more dated and flawed than ever. It serves as a Rosetta stone to many of the fundamentals we see echoed in the new class of adventure titles that have come in its wake. What makes Heavy Rain such a frustrating experience is that when it works, it works beautifully, but when it fails, it fails hard.
  Klaus Review
,Klaus began trying my patience a bit less than halfway in. In fact, at one stage, this mysterious amnesiac clone of a clone of a clone rebelled against my commands. I'm not used to this. I'm familiar with controller frustrations, missed button presses, poor timing, and a bevy of other problems that can plague a gaming experience, but I'm not used to a character willfully disregarding my instructions. That threw me. Those levels, like the rest of the game, still relied on precision platforming, but the inputs were all messed up. It was obnoxious and abrasive, but also the point.
  Fortified Review
,The best part about Fortified is its pulp sci-fi personality. This mash-up of the tower defense and third-person shooter genres plays like the film Mars Attacks! brought to life, complete with Cold War-era alien goons with fish bowls on top of their heads and whirring flying saucers of the sort that made the Earth stand still once upon a time. Sadly, the worst part about Fortified is that this personality is its best part. Gameplay takes a backseat to the congenial story and setting about an alien invasion at around the same point in history when Marty McFly took his mother to the prom. The limited number of bad guys, maps, and overall fresh ideas makes this shoot-em-up enjoyable only in quick, limited doses.
  Pillars of Eternity: The White March Part 2 Review
,Pillars of Eternity comes to an end in The White March Part 2. This second chapter to what will apparently be the only expansion for Obsidian’s epic RPG resolves a couple dangling plot threads and tacks on a cataclysmic conclusion that ties into the greater mythology of the world of Eora. But while the add-on works by providing the apocalyptic story players expect, it fails due to heavy, dreary combat, a main storyline that runs on rails, and the absence of many little things that tend to make RPGs memorable.
  Superhot Review
,Superhot's defining characteristic is immediately intriguing; time only moves forward when you act. Conversely, when you stop moving, everything around you does too: enemies freeze mid-stride and bullets hang in the air. Under these conditions, you methodically weave and shoot your way through a series of increasingly intricate levels, which at first, don't seem connected in a meaningful way. However, Superhot ultimately reveals its true self: a game designed to gradually mess with your expectations of its narrative.
  Assassin's Creed Chronicles: Russia Review
,With Assassin’s Creed taking the rest 2016 off after the release of Chronicles: Russia, one wouldn’t be blamed for hoping the final chapter of the mini-series’ life might be one of urgency or gratifying finality. Instead it's one of nonplussed lethargy. The final entry of Assassin’s Creed Chronicles is inert in ways China and India were not.
  MLB Power Pros 2008 Review
,  One look at MLB Power Pros 2008 may be enough to deter any serious baseball fan, as the anime bobblehead characters seem more suited to a goofy, arcade-style game. It would be a shame, though, to overlook Power Pros, because beneath the cutesy exterior beats the heart of a robust simulation game. Simple hitting, pitching, and fielding controls make it easy for anyone to pick up, while realistic ball physics and a full MLB roster create plenty of technical depth. It's disappointing that the series' signature role-playing modes aren't included, but MLB Power Pros 2008 is still the best way to take your DS out to the ballgame.  
  Fading Shadows Review
,  Somewhere between Marble Madness and Myst there is Fading Shadows. In it, you must roll a sphere through a fantasy world, solving puzzles and avoiding hazards all the while. It's a fresh combination of tried-and-true gaming elements that, when it works, is very absorbing. Unfortunately, a few significant issues prevent Fading Shadows from being the magical adventure it could have been.   
  Outcry Review
,  Adventure gamers looking for something off the beaten path get more than they bargain for in Outcry. This point-and-click exercise in the surreal from Russian developer Phantomery Interactive is certainly a step removed from the norm, but it's also so relentlessly strange and impenetrable that it's nearly impossible to play. Style has been elevated over substance in every aspect of the design, resulting in a trippy game that's appealing only for its bizarre atmosphere, philosophical pretensions, and striking visuals.  
  TNA iMPACT! Review
,  Professional wrestling has long been maligned as a place where spandex-clad ogre-men go to act out contrived rivalries and pretend to actually wrestle. While these derisions certainly hit on some truths about "sports entertainment," the remarkable talents and impressive athleticism of its practitioners cannot be denied. If you're the kind of person who enjoys the high-flying, hard-hitting spectacle of pro wrestling in spite of its myriad absurdities, then TNA Impact may be the game for you. It has some aggravating problems, but it does a good job of translating the excitement of TNA Wrestling into fluid action and visceral fun.   
  Mystery Case Files: MillionHeir Review
,  On paper, hidden-object games in which you spend your time searching for items in painterly 2D locales don't sound like a whole lot of fun. The Mystery Case Files series has enjoyed enough success on the PC to suggest otherwise, though, and now developer Big Fish Games has turned its attention to the DS with Mystery Case Files: MillionHeir. The game introduces some new features to the MCF formula that are a great fit on the DS, and the Story mode is amusing enough that you'll want to play it to its conclusion. It's unfortunate that the diminutive DS screens don't really lend themselves to this style of game, but MillionHeir works well regardless.  
  Summer Athletics: The Ultimate Challenge Review
,  Imagine, if you will, an international goodwill competition consisting of eight athletes coming together in some city or other to test their abilities in a series of dull takes on traditional sporting events while the eyes of the world look elsewhere. Summer Athletics: The Ultimate Challenge brings this vision to life, and it's every bit as underwhelming as you'd expect.  
  Commando: Steel Disaster Review
,  Don't let the title fool you; Commando: Steel Disaster has nothing to do with Capcom's long-running series of Commando games. No, this game takes its inspiration from elsewhere. Actually, that's putting it far too gently. It would be more accurate to say that this game shamelessly rips off the Metal Slug series in its gameplay and art design, which will be immediately apparent to anyone who has played one of SNK's cartoony side-scrolling shooters. Still, if you're looking for a series of games to blatantly model your own game on, you could do a lot worse than Metal Slug. Although anything but original, Steel Disaster's gameplay is action-packed. It's just a shame that the outrageous difficulty level often makes the experience more maddening than enjoyable.   
  Summer Athletics: The Ultimate Challenge Review
,  Imagine, if you will, an international goodwill competition consisting of eight athletes coming together in some city or other to test their abilities in a series of dull takes on traditional sporting events while the eyes of the world look elsewhere. Summer Athletics: The Ultimate Challenge brings this vision to life, and it's every bit as underwhelming as you'd expect.  
  Spore Creatures Review
,  Spore Creatures for the DS isn't the far-reaching trek through evolution you may have expected--but don't take that as a reason to totally dismiss this charming title. It's still a cute adventure across multiple planets, and it features a pared-down version of the creature creation tool that helped make the PC release such a success. It has some annoying quirks, and it won't inspire an emotional connection between you and your digital doppelganger, but Spore Creatures is still a pleasant diversion and an appealing, if ordinary, companion to its bigger brother.   
  Viva Pinata: Pocket Paradise Review
,  For those who have always dreamed of cultivating a garden full of living pinatas without being tethered to a home console, the Viva Pinata franchise has finally made its portable debut. Pocket Paradise is a surprisingly faithful conversion that condenses the animals, plants, and micromanagement options that made the Xbox 360 original so enthralling into a DS game. The slower pace and in-depth tutorials make this a good entry point for people overwhelmed by the often chaotic flow of the console games, but Viva veterans may find themselves struggling to stay awake as they plow through hours of gardening before the more interesting animals start to arrive. Pocket Paradise can satiate your desire to romance a family of whirlms while you're on the road, but it lacks the unrelenting grip that makes the console versions impossible to put down.  
  Zoids Assault Review
,  For the uninitiated, Zoids are a series of snap-together toy robots produced by Japanese toymaker Tomy--and the manga and anime franchises that have been built around them. The toys are brimming with character, featuring shrewd designs and elaborately constructed moving parts. The strategy RPG Zoids Assault, on the other hand, has none of the personality or spark of the models, or of the devotees dedicated to building them. It's lifeless.  
  FaceBreaker Review
,  There have been many great arcade-style boxing games over the years. FaceBreaker is not one of them. It looks pretty good, and the deep customization options mean you'll never want for new brawlers, but those two things are about all this game has going for it. The fighting mechanics are awful, the AI is cheap, it's light on game modes, and most of all, it's not any fun.  
  FaceBreaker Review
,  There have been many great arcade-style boxing games over the years. FaceBreaker is not one of them. It looks pretty good, and the deep customization options mean you'll never want for new brawlers, but those two things are about all this game has going for it. The fighting mechanics are awful, the AI is cheap, it's light on game modes, and most of all, it's not any fun.  
  Vampire Rain: Altered Species Review
,  Vampire games apparently can't be staked. If they could be finished off a la 
  Harvest Moon: Island of Happiness Review
,  It was over 10 years ago that the first Harvest Moon game came out on the SNES, and in keeping with the series' sports-game-like longevity, Natsume is releasing two new Harvest Moon games this month, Island of Happiness for the DS and Tree of Tranquility for the Wii. On the DS, you get classic Harvest Moon gameplay on the go--and controls so slippery, it feels like you’ve replaced the stylus with a stick of butter. Rest assured, the same dependable farming sim is here, but the awful controls make it hard to enjoy.   
  Warhammer: Battle March Review
,  How are the controls? That question always leads the way in any review of a real-time strategy game on a console system, given that guiding hundreds of units around battlefields with a gamepad can be about as pleasant as herding cats. And, unfortunately, the answer in regard to Warhammer: Battle March is: Not so good. This Xbox 360 take on the 2006 RTS Warhammer: Mark of Chaos is a straight rehash of the original PC game with gamepad controls tacked on--bad gamepad controls. This system doesn't even come close due to convoluted button combos and an unforgiving fast pace. Although the game mirrors its PC predecessor in bringing to life the armies of Games Workshop's tabletop miniatures phenomenon, too much gamepad fussing gets in the way of scrapping it up with the Empire, Orcs, and forces of Chaos.  
  Smash Court Tennis 3 Review
,  The initial moments of Smash Court Tennis 3 are quite deceiving. You go through a rigorous training regimen, as well as learn different shots and how to aim for the alleys. And at some point, you assume that you'll be able to master your racket. This is untrue. While it seems like you're just dealing with a steep learning curve at first, it quickly becomes apparent that the controls in the third Smash Court Tennis are just sloppy. It is possible to have success--even some fun--in the single-player tournament by abusing the inept strategies of your artificial foes, but the experience quickly becomes flat and unsatisfying.   
  Wipeout HD Review
,  UK REVIEW--When it launched all the way back in 1995, the original Wipeout was a poster child for the original PlayStation in the West. While games such as F-Zero had come before it, the mix of cutting-edge visuals and a licensed techno soundtrack was a unique take on the futuristic racing genre, and it struck a chord with both hardcore gamers and those who'd never been interested in the hobby before. In the interim, the series has settled on the PSP with Wipeout Pure and Pulse, two games that not only showed off the power of the console, but were great games in their own right. With Wipeout HD, Sony has brought the tracks, ships, and soundtrack of these two games to the PlayStation 3, wrapping it all up in a shiny 1080p graphics at a low £11.99 ($20) price point. The repackaging of existing content means it offers very little new for players of the PSP games, while there are actually fewer campaign modes than in the PSP games. While many fans will have trouble resisting that high-definition makeover, they'll be paying for very little that they haven't played before.  
  Pirates vs. Ninjas Dodgeball Review
,  Regardless of when, how, or why the debate over whether pirates or ninjas are better began, Gamecock brings Blazing Lizard's deciding game to the Xbox 360. Whatever your level of interest in pirates, ninjas, or dodgeball, Pirates vs. Ninjas Dodgeball unfortunately fails to deliver much in the way of satisfying action.  
  Star Wars: The Force Unleashed Review
,  You hear the big chord and the brass fanfare, and you know what's coming. It's easy to get excited when you hear the rousing Star Wars theme, though the franchise has hardly been known for exceeding expectations in recent years. If you're interested in Star Wars: The Force Unleashed for its story and theme, you won't be disappointed: Its campaign supplies a weighty plot with a few stunning surprises. If you're more interested in the action, you'll find that while some frustrations get in the way during the main campaign, the PSP-exclusive modes are designed well and offer a surprising amount of replay value.  
  PAIN: Amusement Park Review
,  The first Pain was pricey ($9.99 USD) for a game that included only one level, but its simple premise proved entertaining for a brief time. Its expansion, Pain: Amusement Park, is cheaper ($5.99 USD), but it too contains a limited amount of material. Unless you were madly in love with the original game, you'll want to take a pass on this add-on.  
  Yakuza 2 Review
,  There's something alluring about the notion of a criminal with a conscience and a deep-seated sense of honor, who swears oaths of loyalty to a clan and who would sacrifice his life for what he believes in. Yakuza 2 taps into this allure with good results, providing a brutal, brawl-focused adventure whose action is intertwined with a melodramatic tale populated by morally complicated cops and criminals both noble and despicable, set in a lively rendition of contemporary urban Japan.   
  Line Rider 2: Unbound Review
,  The deceptively simple Line Rider started as a free Flash game. It was able to move beyond restrictions, such as not having a tangible goal or even the ability to save your hard-earned work, and ensnared a community of creatively inclined ski artists. Unbound, the first retail release of the series, has kept the simple design from the original while adding more track options, a full Story mode, and community features to share all of your work. Patience is still the key to both making your way through the maddening puzzles, as well as crafting your own zany designs to torment the community. The trial-and-error gameplay can be exhausting at times, but the overwhelming sense of accomplishment for finally figuring out a particularly difficult track makes it well worth the initial struggles.  
  NHL 09 Review
,  There are few moments in any sports video game more satisfying than scoring a goal in NHL 09. It's more than aiming top-shelf and pressing a button before the goalie gets into position. No, you have to outmaneuver the defense with quick skating and smart passing, work your way into scoring position, and then manually put the puck where the goalie isn't. But if you played EA Sports hockey in the past two years and experienced the stellar control mechanic known as the skill stick, you already knew all this. In NHL 09, EA expands on its already outstanding gameplay with a host of addictive game modes that make this, quite simply, one of the best sports games of all time.   
  Crysis Warhead Review
,  All of the claims you may have heard that Crysis could only run on nuclear-powered supermachines were greatly exaggerated. But if for some reason you worry that this stand-alone companion to the ultragorgeous first-person shooter will bring your PC to its knees, you should know that it's highly scalable and ran smoothly on a number of machines during our testing. It also looks better, with clear attention given to the game's artistic sensibilities and the lusher, denser environments. But rest assured, developer Crytek has enhanced more than just the graphics engine. Vehicles are more fun to drive, firefights are more intense and focused, and aliens do more than just float around you. More emphasis on the open-ended environments would have been welcome, but a more exciting (though shorter) campaign, a new multiplayer mode, and a whole bunch of new maps make Crysis Warhead an excellent expansion to one of last year's best shooters.  
  NHL 2K9 Review
,  Time travel just became possible, at least for hockey fans. Toss NHL 2K9 into an Xbox 360 or a PlayStation 3 and you'll immediately feel transported back to 2006, which seems to have been the last year that any significant improvements were made to this hockey series. This so-so look at the Canadian national pastime actually turns away from realism to embrace a more old-time arcade hockey feel with streamlined controls and single-minded AI. While the game still gives you a good challenge, it seems like what remains of the realistic NHL 2K games of the past is being slowly erased.  
  Line Rider 2: Unbound Review
,  The deceptively simple Line Rider started as a free Flash game. It was able to move beyond restrictions, such as not having a tangible goal or even the ability to save your hard-earned work, and ensnared a community of creatively inclined ski artists. Unbound, the first retail release of the series, has kept the simple design from the original while adding more track options, a full Story mode, and community features to share all of your work. Patience is still the key to both making your way through the maddening puzzles, as well as crafting your own zany designs to torment the community. The trial-and-error gameplay can be exhausting at times, but the overwhelming sense of accomplishment for finally figuring out a particularly difficult track makes it well worth the initial struggles.  
  NHL 2K9 Review
,  Time travel just became possible, at least for hockey fans. Toss NHL 2K9 into an Xbox 360 or a PlayStation 3 and you'll immediately feel transported back to 2006, which seems to have been the last year that any significant improvements were made to this hockey series. This so-so look at the Canadian national pastime actually turns away from realism to embrace a more old-time arcade hockey feel with streamlined controls and single-minded AI. While the game still gives you a good challenge, it seems like what remains of the realistic NHL 2K games of the past is being slowly erased.  
  Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People Episode 2: Strong Badia the Free Review
,  When Strong Bad made his episodic-gaming debut last month in Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People: Homestar Ruiner, his signature sense of humor was stretched disappointingly thin across the open-ended structure of the game. The second episode, Strong Badia the Free, has a more linear layout that not only makes for better gameplay, but allows the humor to get a foothold as well. These improvements make this adventure game both funnier and more fun than its predecessor.   
  NHL 09 Review
,  There are few moments in any sports video game more satisfying than scoring a goal in NHL 09. It's more than aiming top-shelf and pressing a button before the goalie gets into position. No, you have to outmaneuver the defense with quick skating and smart passing, work your way into scoring position, and then manually put the puck where the goalie isn't. But if you played EA Sports hockey in the past two years and experienced the stellar control mechanic known as the skill stick, you already knew all this. In NHL 09, EA expands on its already outstanding gameplay with a host of addictive game modes that make this, quite simply, one of the best sports games of all time.   
  Star Wars: The Force Unleashed Review
,  The concept behind Star Wars: The Force Unleashed is undeniably great. You're granted a host of extremely powerful Force abilities and set free to use them to your heart's content, wreaking beautiful, Force-fueled havoc in a galaxy far, far away. But that concept is compromised on the DS; you’ll notice the game’s limitations more than its freedoms.   
  Shred Nebula Review
,  Despite what the name might lead you to believe, Shred Nebula is not the name of a new metalcore band. This unique moniker has actually been given to a top-down space shooter for Xbox Live Arcade. Unfortunately, this nifty title is the most innovative aspect of the game. Developer CrunchTime Games offers up big-time bombast and a lot of cool explosions for 800 points, but the derivative gameplay is too repetitive and too much of a slavish imitation of its ancient arcade inspirations to deliver lasting entertainment.  
  Dragon Quest IV: Chapters of the Chosen Review
,  Dragon Quest IV: Chapters of the Chosen marks the first time that the popular PlayStation update of the NES original has reached American shores. It's thoroughly engrossing and highly addictive, featuring all of the basic updates that the game saw in its PlayStation release along with a dual-screen presentation and improved 3D environments. Developer Arte Piazza has also brightened up the game's color palette and included a new translation. It boasts fun and unique regional dialects, offering a familiar but fresh experience that should prove a welcome treat.   
  SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1 Review
,  The NeoGeo lives on in SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1. This new collection for the Nintendo Wii features 16 classic arcade games of uneven quality for an affordable price. If you spent any amount of time in arcades as a kid or a teen, this game will take you back. However, you might find that not all of your memories are good ones.  
  Star Wars: The Force Unleashed Review
,  You hear the big chord and the brass fanfare, and you know what's coming. It's easy to get excited when you hear the rousing Star Wars theme, though the franchise has hardly been known for exceeding expectations in recent years. If you're interested in Star Wars: The Force Unleashed for its story and theme, you won't be disappointed: It supplies a weighty plot with a few stunning surprises. If you're more interested in the action, you'll find that the game is a mixture of fun and frustration that you'll get some enjoyment from, but ultimately fails to live up to its potential.  
  Bionic Commando Rearmed Review
,  When Bionic Commando came out 20 years ago, it separated itself from the glut of other NES platformers by removing one key element: a jump button. Its tricky grappling system added a unique twist to traditional action games, letting players swing around levels while taking out Nazis who were once again intent on world domination. If you enjoyed the original, the updated graphics and extra modes in Rearmed should be more than enough to entice you into another jaunt with the robot-armed hero. For those who aren't looking through the rose-tinted glasses of nostalgia, the remake may cause you to wonder where all the excitement is coming from. Rearmed is a little too loyal to its source material; it offers an experience that would have been mind-blowing 20 years ago, but once you chip through some layers of frustration, there is still plenty of fun here.   
  Bionic Commando Rearmed Review
,  When Bionic Commando came out 20 years ago, it separated itself from the glut of other NES platformers by removing one key element: a jump button. Its tricky grappling system added a unique twist to traditional action games, letting players swing around levels while taking out Nazis who were once again intent on world domination. If you enjoyed the original, the updated graphics and extra modes in Rearmed should be more than enough to entice you into another jaunt with the robot-armed hero. For those who aren't looking through the rose-tinted glasses of nostalgia, the remake may cause you to wonder where all the excitement is coming from. Rearmed can be a little too loyal to its source material, but once you come to grips with the sometimes cumbersome controls, it dishes out a satisfying action experience.  
  International Cricket Captain 2008 Review
,  International Cricket Captain 2008 for the PC builds on the changes introduced in last year's version of the game, including the new 3D engine, but ultimately this year's edition is little more than an incremental statistical update. Although these revisions will represent a lot of value to the hardcore statistic fans, the overall experience is still hampered by a slight identity crisis and serves only to cheapen a sport loved by so many.   
  Grid Review
,  A few months after the release of the console version, Grid comes to the DS with the same mix of simulation and arcade driving that made the original so fun. Fans of the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions will notice that some features, such as rewinding time, have been cut, but replacement features, such as the track creator, make up for it. That's because Grid does everything a handheld port of a console game should do. Instead of trying to force the DS to do things it isn't capable of, developer Codemasters uses the system's strengths to deliver a game that resembles the console iteration, but feels like a fresh experience of its own.   
  1701 A.D. Gold Edition Review
,  Finally making its way to North American shores is 1701 A.D. Gold Edition, a repackaging of the original city builder from 2006 and its Sunken Dragon expansion pack, which was originally released in Europe at the end of last year. This add-on was worth the wait, though, given that the new campaign adds swashbuckling fantasy to the nuts-and-bolts Caribbean economics of the game's previous incarnation. A lively story and characters, along with wide-ranging (if not exactly earth-shattering) mission goals, pack real personality into this revamp and make it a colorful trip back to the age of exploration.  
  Toki Tori Review
,  Based on the Game Boy Color game of the same name, Toki Tori is the titular hero's first appearance on the Wii. The essence of the game remains the same, with 80+ puzzle-based levels that require Lemmings-like resource management combined with platforming. However, now you'll be using the Wii Remote to control the main character, with support from the Nunchuk's analog stick if you need it. The exact purpose of your quest is a bit hazy your mission is clear: You'll need to help Toki Tori rescue his many siblings, still in their unhatched shells, from the clutches of some rather unsavoury critters. While the game's premise isn't unique, there's still a fun experience to be had for people of all ages and should keep most occupied for a decent amount of time.  
  Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution Review
,  Ever since its inception in the early 1990s, Sid Meier's critically acclaimed Civilization series has challenged players to "build an empire to stand the test of time." Civilization Revolution is the newest scion of the series, and like its predecessors, it's a turn-based strategy game in which you take charge of a notable historical civilization and lead it from humble beginnings to world domination. Cramming the strategic breadth of Civilization on to a DS cartridge is a formidable task, and developer Firaxis Games has done an admirable job. Though space limitations have forced some notable exclusions, Civilization Revolution is still an enjoyable, engrossing game.  
  Beijing 2008 - The Official Video Game of the Olympic Games Review
,  Who knew that qualifying for the Olympics could be so difficult? Instead of a worldwide competition crafted around ideas that fit in with the modern gaming landscape, this is just an archaic compilation of mostly old, painful gameplay techniques that wore out their welcome decades ago. Not only do many of Beijing's events focus on the sadistic control method of making you rapidly tap two buttons until your fingers burn, but the unfathomable difficulty of the early rounds also makes the experience almost as grueling as training for the real thing. The minor redeeming elements only squirt a few drops of perfume on the overwhelming stench of the rest of this game.  
  Siren: Blood Curse Review
,  Once upon a time, survival horror games were defined not only by shambling corpses and creepy atmosphere, but also by protagonists that moved with all the grace and agility of a Sherman tank. Things have changed since then, but at first glance, Siren: Blood Curse, a horror game now available for download on the PlayStation Network, seems almost willfully behind the times, with play control that feels clunky and outdated. However, if you bear with the game and give it a chance to show off its strengths, you'll find that its episodic presentation, chilling ambiance, and terrific use of the Siren series' signature sightjacking system come together to create an enjoyably frightening experience.   
  Fable II Pub Games Review
,  Fable II Pub Games is a collection of three games of chance popular throughout Albion, the world of Fable. The games themselves will feel familiar to anyone with a passing knowledge of common gambling games, and on balance, they're mildly entertaining. Their real appeal lies in their eventual integration with your Fable II game. Any gold or items that you win (or debt you accrue) can be passed on to your hero in Fable II, for better or worse. If you're not excited about Fable II, these games aren't anything special. But for those counting the days until October, the thoroughly Albion-esque presentation and the two reasonably engaging games make Pub Games an appealing purchase.  
  Braid Review
,  Have you ever wondered how the princess locked away in the castle must feel? Or what's going through the head of the eager hero--the valiant young man who gladly leapt over treacherous pits and onto the heads of dangerous foes--after receiving a cursory kiss on the cheek for risking his hide? The motivations of these archetypical characters are rarely explored, but Braid tries to answer these oft-ignored questions. It serves as the contemplative companion to the typical Mario adventure while embracing the unbridled fun found in the best platformers. Clever gameplay mechanics are the driving force, pushing you toward your inevitable confrontation with the woman you've lost, but it's the engrossing story that cements this as something really special.   
  Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords - Revenge of the Plague Lord Review
,  Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords, the hybrid puzzle/role-playing game from Infinite Interactive, was one of the sleeper hits of 2007. The addictive gem-matching battles, combined with the ability to learn new spells, forge items, and take on fellow players in online battles, have created a legion of fans. The expansion pack, Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords - Revenge of the Plague Lord, offers a new boss--Lord Antharg, brother of the ultimate foe Lord Bane--within a newly opened southern area of the map, as well as an increased level cap. Priced at a fairly steep 700 Microsoft points (the original game was 1,200), Revenge of the Plague Lord greatly increases the replay value of the game by doubling the number of character classes. But the quests in the new region are limited at best, and the final boss doesn't feel as epic as his predecessor.  
  Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People Episode 1: Homestar Ruiner Review
,  Over the past two years, Sam & Max has shown that short, humorous games can be commercially viable when released as a series of episodes. Continuing this trend, the webcomic Penny Arcade recently took their own characters and unique brand of humor to the downloadable game stage and met with a good degree of critical success. Now the characters from HomestarRunner.com have made their bid for episodic gaming glory with Strong Bad's Cool Game for Attractive People. There are a few laughs to be had in the first episode, Homestar Ruiner, but ultimately, the game falls flat. The open-ended point-and-click adventure play makes a poor vehicle for the site's quirky humor.   
  Spectral Force 3 Review
,  Given such a ghostly title, you'd expect squads of shimmering spirits and imposing armies of the undead to loom ominously over Spectral Force 3. It's true that this strategic role-playing game features fluttering birdmen, bony grave escapees, and magic-wielding vampires--not to mention purring catwomen, ninjas, and matronly goblins hungry for an afternoon snack. But rather than go hog wild with this campy crowd, developer Idea Factory has created an immediately forgettable experience. Spectral Force 3 plays decently enough--as it should, given that it cribs from decades-old games that have already perfected and reperfected the turn-based formula. But for a game featuring a sasquatch militia, it has no personality, and the practically nonexistent story and weak character development will disappoint even the most stalwart genre enthusiasts.  
  PixelJunk Eden Review
,  The thread tying the PixelJunk series of games together is the unique spin it puts on traditional concepts. Q-Games' first PlayStation Network title, PixelJunk Racers, relied on chaining combos to spur your slot car around the track, making it as difficult to grasp conceptually as it was to control. PixelJunk Monsters infused the militaristic tower defense genre with dancing monsters and a crushing difficulty. It makes sense that its first foray into platforming would be just as crazy as its other offerings. PixelJunk Eden uses a sparse aesthetic and freeing jump mechanic to create an experience more commonly found in one's dreams, until you run into the nightmarish clock.  
  Hellboy: Science of Evil Review
,  There is a moment in Hellboy: Science of Evil when you have to face off against a hideous gorilla/octopus hybrid. It roars with anger as its slimy tentacles writhe like sloppy worms. At this point, your adrenaline should gush as you raise your stone-encrusted fist to do battle with this horrific abomination. In practice, you'll slurp up a rogue strand of drool as you halfheartedly pound your well-worn square button for the umpteenth time. In a game where even swinging half-formed frog men around by their prehensile tongues can elicit a hearty yawn, it's not surprising that facing off against a monster that should reside exclusively in nightmares feels downright boring. The only thing Hellboy does really well is make you appreciate how far the beat-'em-up genre has evolved since games that play like this were commonplace.   
  Buzz! Master Quiz Review
,  AU REVIEW--Virtual quizmaster Buzz has been hanging around PlayStation consoles for several years now, but Buzz! Master Quiz is the Muppet look-alike's first appearance on Sony's handheld unit. Fans of Buzz's previous console outings may be wondering how a game so well suited for multiplayer shenanigans translates to a format better known for solo gaming, and the bad news is that the transition hasn't been that successful. Although there's some fun to be had for those who desperately need their trivia to go, Buzz! Master Quiz simply feels lacking in both its single- and multiplayer offerings.  
  The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor Review
,  The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor for the Nintendo Wii and PlayStation 2 has all the ingredients of a successful third-person adventure game. And at first glance, it seems to get the recipe right, but the devil is in the details. As you venture further into this game, small and large issues continue arising until ultimately, it becomes clear that this mummy has served up one truly rotten dish.  
  Murder in the Abbey Review
,  The odd combination of monks and murder has been a staple of whodunit fiction for decades, so the biggest mystery here is why somebody didn't come up with an adventure game like Murder in the Abbey (known in Europe as simply The Abbey) before now. Developer Crimson Cow delivers a solid take on the murderous monastery minigenre, too, thanks to a smart story and impressively painted scenery populated by cartoonish characters reminiscent of graphic novels. Unimaginative puzzles and some overwritten dialogue make your sleuthing tedious at times, although the adventure still delivers a gripping, sharp-looking trip back to the Middle Ages.  
  Infinite Undiscovery Review
,  Role-playing games strike a tricky balance between gameplay and narrative that is easy to take for granted when everything goes together correctly. Infinite Undiscovery is sadly an example of how flawed design and myriad imperfections can mar an otherwise enjoyable adventure. Square Enix manages to provide the frame of a role-playing game epic that falls short on execution.  
  Dungeon Runners Review
,  Fantasy is so cliche. At least, that's what the developer of Dungeon Runners would have us believe. In this online role-playing game, genre standards are alternately mocked and embraced, and you'll experience a few snort-out-loud moments thanks to the game's snappy dialogue and humorous approach to item naming. Not only are those Jarring Unclear Crystal Gauntlets of the Unrivaled Beetle useful for absorbing damage, but they're a not-so-subtle parody of RPG mainstays (and by extension, RPG players themselves). And the merchant that sells you some of those wares? She'll send you off to squeeze mutant puker juice out of the local monsters, which is fortified with electrolytes and, like any good energy drink, is 
  NFL Head Coach 09 Review
,  Simulation sports games face a difficult burden. They must offer a fun and engaging gaming experience while remaining as authentic as reasonably possible. In this regard, EA's NFL Head Coach 09 manages to strike an effective balance. Although the game lacks the slick presentation of longer-tenured sports franchises, Head Coach brings a strategic depth that one would expect from managing a sports franchise and offers a rewarding experience to those willing to endure hours of menu navigation.  
  NFL Head Coach 09 Review
,  Simulation sports games face a difficult burden. They must offer a fun and engaging gaming experience while remaining as authentic as reasonably possible. In this regard, EA's NFL Head Coach 09 manages to strike an effective balance. Although the game lacks the slick presentation of longer-tenured sports franchises, Head Coach brings a strategic depth that one would expect from managing a sports franchise and offers a rewarding experience to those willing to endure hours of menu navigation.  
  The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor Review
,  The film 
  The Last Guy Review
,  Ever since satellite maps of the world became readily available online, people have been finding myriad ways to enjoy them. From personal inquiries, such as looking up a neighborhood or a famous landmark, to commercial schemes, such as creating a fake island to promote a movie, satellite maps have proved to be fertile grounds for a wide range of endeavors. The Last Guy takes this source material to a whole different level. In the wake of a global catastrophe, you run through stages built from satellite images of notable real-world locations, from Trafalgar Square in London to the National Mall in Washington, DC. As you gather survivors and lead them to safety, you'll find the novel presentation and simple, addictive gameplay make this short puzzle action game a surprising treat.   
  Unreal Tournament 3 Review
,  It might seem a little late to the party, but the Xbox 360 version of Unreal Tournament 3 proves that fast, furious online action, when done correctly, is timeless. Of course, it's a lot like previous games in the series: You'll cringe when you're stuck with the bio-rifle, celebrate killing sprees that come courtesy of the powerful rocket launcher, and memorize all the best vehicle spawn points. But whether or not you've played an Unreal Tournament game before, this sequel provides endless replay value and plenty of memorable, fist-pumping moments that will keep the adrenaline flowing.   
  Shattered Suns Review
,  Fully 3D real-time strategy games set in space are a rare breed. Adding the third dimension seems to scare off both developers and gamers, so many games simply ignore the oft-confusing vertical plane and stick to 2D stellar battlefields. Shattered Suns is a good example of why so many people shy away. The Clear Crown Studios game is certainly adventurous enough, due to the ostensibly more realistic depiction of outer space, the mix of RTS and 4X space sim traits, and a few innovative touches when it comes to custom ship design; but the production values are bottom-drawer, and your galactic adventures are highlighted by boring resource management and simplistic combat that doesn't really utilize those three dimensions. These issues, along with some serious problems with the in-game camera, all but ruin the reasonably original game design.  
  Dracula 3: Path of the Dragon Review
,  Dracula again? Vampire fatigue is a legitimate feeling that you might encounter when ripping open the shrink-wrap of Dracula 3: The Path of the Dragon, given that it seems like Bram Stoker's infamous creature of the night has already been the focus of a lot of adventure games. This latest one, the third in a franchise that started nearly a decade ago with Dracula: Resurrection and Dracula: The Last Sanctuary, doesn't bring much new to the table. Developer Kheops Studio sticks to the ancient adventure-gaming formula that it has specialized in with previous releases such as Return to Mysterious Island and Voyage, and spins a dull yarn in which you research the biggest bloodsucker of them all in 1920s Transylvania. Busywork puzzles and stone-age visuals further drain the rest of the creeps out of this supposedly scary saga, which unfolds more like an uninspired detective story than an ominous encounter with a legendary monster.  
  Mercenaries 2: World in Flames Review
,  Imagine a game with a huge, open world filled with dozens of unique vehicles and attacks that let you cause destruction whenever and wherever you choose. Now, toss in game-crippling bugs, brain-dead AI, unsatisfying gunplay, a lousy story, and repetitive missions. That's Mercenaries 2: World in Flames. Mindlessly causing chaos can be enjoyable in short bursts, and online co-op play spices things up a bit, but beyond those all-too infrequent bits of fun, Mercenaries 2 is a dud.  
  Mario Super Sluggers Review
,  Mario sports games are well known for presenting arcade versions of popular sports that are easy to pick up and play, yet complex enough to satisfy skilled players. Mario Super Sluggers is the progeny of the GameCube's great Mario Superstar Baseball, but alas, this apple falls far from the tree. A number of changes skew the game toward simplicity and accessibility, and in many ways the game feels like it's been jabbed in the thigh with a strong dose of performance-diminishing Mario Party extract. Many will likely enjoy the redesigned challenge mode and motion-sensitive controls, but those hoping for another engaging arcade sports title will be disappointed.  
  Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved 2 Review
,  Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved was one of the premier games for the Xbox 360 launch. It established low-cost downloadable games as a worthy alternative to full-priced, big-budget fare and made leaderboard races between friends a reason to keep playing through the night. But with such a simple mechanic, the idea of a full-fledged sequel being able to capture the same addictive nature of the original seemed like a pipe dream, especially after the subsequent sequels came and went without causing a stir. More than two years after Retro Evolved ushered in the next generation of gaming, developer Bizzare Creations has devised a game that doesn't just top the original, it blows it away. With five new modes that require unique strategies and cutthroat multiplayer competition that is among the best for any XBLA game, Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved 2 is the new standard for frantic downloadable games.  
  B-Boy Review
,  B-Boy seems authentic. This break dancing-themed rhythm game talks the talk, walks the walk, and even knows how to top-rock. But underneath its licensed tracks, motion-captured moves, and fancy lingo, B-Boy suffers from several problems, including bad pacing, repetitive play, and no narrative.  
  The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor Review
,  The Mummy: Tomb of the Dragon Emperor for the Nintendo Wii and PlayStation 2 has all the ingredients of a successful third-person adventure game. And at first glance, it seems to get the recipe right, but the devil is in the details. As you venture further into this game, small and large issues continue arising until ultimately, it becomes clear that this mummy has served up one truly rotten dish.  
  Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli Review
,  A racing game focused entirely on one car manufacturer seems like a bit of an anachronism nowadays, and System 3's Ferrari Challenge Trofeo Pirelli certainly feels like a throwback to another era. While most other recent racers feature a large roster of car licenses, Ferrari Challenge is content to bask in its adoration of the Prancing Pony, something made clear right from the game's opening cinematic (featuring slow-motion close-ups of a Ferrari F430, which are practically erotic in nature). It'll certainly appeal to Ferrari fans, but it doesn't do enough to hold the interest of those whose automotive inclinations run beyond the famed Italian carmaker's stable.  
  Monster Madness: Grave Danger Review
,  Released last year for the PC and Xbox 360, Monster Madness: Battle for Suburbia tried to dress up the fun of classic top-down arcade games such as Gauntlet in the trappings of a schlocky monster movie. But a host of issues, including lousy pacing and imprecise controls, made the game itself feel pretty schlocky. Now a revamped version of the game, complete with a new subtitle, is out on the PlayStation 3. But despite a few nice improvements, Monster Madness: Grave Danger is an awkward, tedious game.  
  Mister Slime Review
,  Mister Slime is a simple 2D platformer that casts you as Slimy, a giant green head with four stretchable arms that is stuck doing chores for the local tribal leader. When he is finally able to sneak away, young Slimy ventures into the neighboring forest on a quest to find a friend, and en route embarks upon a historic journey to determine the origins of an ongoing war between the slimes and the axons, a neighboring tribe.  The plot, while straight forward, is usually advanced via brief bits of poor dialogue and feels included almost as an afterthought because it's largely nonexistent. As a result you'll find yourself exploring many areas without a clue as to what you're doing.  
  N+ Review
,  Not too long ago, an aspiring designer created a series of death traps for ninjas. These traps were not merely cunning mazes or killing-machine-filled rooms, but also a downloadable game for the PC. The game was known as N, a stylishly short abbreviation for Ninja. Atari now enables you to enjoy redesigned ninja challenges on the go in the form of N+ on the Nintendo DS and Sony PSP.  
  N+ Review
,  Not too long ago, an aspiring designer created a series of death traps for ninjas. These traps were not merely cunning mazes or killing-machine-filled rooms, but also a downloadable game for the PC. The game was known as N, a stylishly short abbreviation for Ninja. Atari now enables you to enjoy redesigned ninja challenges on the go in the form of N+ on the Nintendo DS and Sony PSP.  
  Digimon World Championship Review
,  Last year's Digimon World games for the Nintendo DS, Dawn and Dusk, were retreads of Digimon World DS that failed to improve upon the formula. Namco Bandai decided to shake things up with Digimon World Championship by revamping the battle system, introducing more involved Digimon hunting mechanics, and--strangely enough--reaching into the past by including the pet-raising mechanics of the original Digimon World for the PlayStation. Unfortunately, Digimon World Championship also completely eschews any storytelling and takes away some hands-on control from Digimon battles, resulting in a disappointingly tepid game.  
  Galaga Legions Review
,  The best shooters in the world not only include addictive gameplay and innumerable enemies, but also demand precise reflexes. Galaga Legions is billed as the true sequel to Galaga, much the same way Namco Bandai's Pac-Man Championship Edition was for the yellow pellet eater. Namco Bandai has successfully reached deep into its intellectual property reserve and produced a shooter with spectacular production values, as well as demanding encounters that are sure to test your mettle.  
  MLB Power Pros 2008 Review
,  One look at MLB Power Pros 2008 may be enough to deter any serious baseball fan, as the anime bobblehead characters stand in stark contrast to the realistic player models offered by many other baseball games. It would be a shame, though, to overlook Power Pros, because beneath the cutesy presentation lies a game with broad appeal. Simple hitting, pitching, and fielding controls make it easy for anyone to pick up, while the extensive gameplay modes and astounding statistical depth (backed by the MLB license) offer plenty of meat for fantasy baseballers to sink their teeth into. It's not significantly different from last year's MLB Power Pros, but MLB Power Pros 2008 is still a great game with lots to do.   
  Wordmaster Review
,  Where would we be without hangman? The timeless game has helped meetings go by quicker, students study vocabulary, and young artists practice their doodles of poor stick figures dangling on the gallows. Now the spirit of the classic game comes to the DS in the form of Wordmaster. No, you won't be watching a virtual victim swing from a noose when you guess the wrong letters, but you will experience the same smug satisfaction of guessing the right word before it's too late.   
  Garfield's Fun Fest Review
,  In addition to being a popular comic-strip character, Garfield is a merchandising powerhouse. He has been featured in scads of successful books and DVDs, and, of course, his likeness has been used in suction-cupped plush toys that you can attach to your car window. Now, we have Garfield's Fun Fest, a Nintendo DS game released in association with a DVD of the same name, and like the animated film on which it's based, this game is aimed squarely at the younger set. Although it has colorful, cartoony visuals, there's not nearly enough substance to Garfield's Fun Fest to make it worth anyone's time, regardless of their age or level of interest in Garfield.  
  Space Siege Review
,  The idea was a good one: Take an established action RPG dungeon-crawler formula, infuse it with a multilayered story, and set it in space. Include multiple player paths that raise important philosophical questions--specifically, How much is your humanity worth? Unfortunately, the decision to focus on story in Space Siege came at the expense of an engaging combat system, interesting environments, and a rewarding upgrade system. The worst part? It didn't have to.   
  Hellboy: Science of Evil Review
,  There is a moment in Hellboy: Science of Evil when you have to face off against a hideous gorilla/octopus hybrid. It roars with anger as its slimy tentacles writhe like sloppy worms. At this point, your adrenaline should gush as you raise your stone-encrusted fist to do battle with this horrific abomination. In practice, you'll slurp up a rogue strand of drool as you halfheartedly pound your well-worn square button for the umpteenth time. In a game where even swinging half-formed frog men around by their prehensile tongues can elicit a hearty yawn, it's not surprising that facing off against a monster that should reside exclusively in nightmares feels downright boring. The only thing Hellboy does really well is make you appreciate how far the beat-'em-up genre has evolved since games that play like this were commonplace.  
  MLB Power Pros 2008 Review
,  One look at MLB Power Pros 2008 may be enough to deter any serious baseball fan, as the anime bobblehead characters stand in stark contrast to the realistic player models offered by many other baseball games. It would be a shame, though, to overlook Power Pros, because beneath the cutesy presentation lies a game with broad appeal. Simple hitting, pitching, and fielding controls make it easy for anyone to pick up, while the extensive gameplay modes and astounding statistical depth (backed by the MLB license) offer plenty of meat for fantasy baseballers to sink their teeth into. It's not significantly different from last year's MLB Power Pros, but MLB Power Pros 2008 is still a great game with lots to do.   
  Carnival Games Review
,  2K Play's Carnival Games is a kid-friendly collection of themed minigames that goes for quantity over quality. It does offer one truly addictive attraction, but the rest of its sideshows aren't worth this game's very high price. As a carny might say, only a "mark" (sucker) would pay for it, but even a "sharpie" (skilled player) could have some fun.   
  Order Up! Review
,  Recently, a handful of full retail games have been devoted to emulating the challenges of food preparation, and Order Up is the latest of these games to embrace the Wii's motion-sensitive controls. As a short-order cook in Order Up, you to use the Wii Remote not only to slice, grate, and cook food, but to prepare up to four dishes simultaneously and plate them all in a timely fashion. The challenge of accurately prepping each ingredient while coordinating multiple dishes is highly engaging, and you'll find yourself hungry for more after completing this delicious, but not quite filling, game.   
  Go! Go! Break Steady Review
,  When Puzzle Quest came out more than a year ago, people weren't sure how well a role-playing game would blend with a puzzle game. It sounded like a strange idea, but the mixture was delightful. Looking to bank on that same improbable success is Go Go Break Steady, a rhythm- and puzzle-game hybrid. Although the genre blend isn't as seamless as Puzzle Quest's, and the rhythm gameplay isn't as tight as it should be, the two components work well enough together to provide an interesting and sometimes enjoyable experience.  
  1942: Joint Strike Review
,  Like Street Fighter II, Bionic Commando, or almost every other Capcom game on Xbox Live Arcade, 1942: Joint Strike is a new take on an old game. This remake sports high-definition visuals and a couple of new mechanics that help make this 25-year-old game feel fresh again without sacrificing what made it fun in the first place. Those with fond memories of the arcade classic will be pleased with the look and feel of 1942, but the short length and high price make it a hard sell.  
  Beijing 2008 - The Official Video Game of the Olympic Games Review
,  Who knew qualifying for the Olympics could be so difficult? Instead of a worldwide competition crafted around ideas that fit in with the modern gaming landscape, this is just an archaic compilation of mostly old, painful gameplay techniques that wore out their welcome decades ago. Not only do many of Beijing's events focus on the sadistic control method of rapidly tapping two buttons until your fingers burn, but the unfathomable difficulty of the early rounds makes the experience almost as grueling as training for the real thing. The few redeeming elements only squirt a few drops of perfume on the overwhelming stench of the rest of this game.   
  Beijing 2008 - The Official Video Game of the Olympic Games Review
,  Who knew qualifying for the Olympics could be so difficult? Instead of a worldwide competition crafted around ideas that fit in with the modern gaming landscape, this is just an archaic compilation of mostly old, painful gameplay techniques that wore out their welcome decades ago. Not only do many of Beijing's events focus on the sadistic control method of rapidly tapping two buttons until your fingers burn, but the unfathomable difficulty of the early rounds makes the experience almost as grueling as training for the real thing. The few redeeming elements only squirt a few drops of perfume on the overwhelming stench of the rest of this game.   
  Looney Tunes: Cartoon Conductor Review
,  When you think about rhythm games, you generally envision something that's set to rock or techno with a good, driving beat. Beethoven and Bach probably aren't high on the list, nor is the "William Tell Overture" or Wagner's "Ride of the Valkyries." Looney Tunes: Cartoon Conductor brings out these classics and more for some stylus-waving musical action that serves up more childhood nostalgia than real challenge.  
  Elefunk Review
,  Heavy elephants encounter flimsy bridges time and time again in 8bit Games' new puzzler, Elefunk. This combination poses quite a predicament, and in tasking you with designing a solution to the problem, Elefunk provides an unusual, challenging experience that will try your patience but is also very rewarding.      
  Out of the Park Baseball 9 Review
,  For a game franchise in transition, Out of the Park Baseball 9 is incredibly well polished. The baseball management simulation series from one-man development team Markus Heinsohn may have just gone through a couple of tumultuous years due to being acquired and then dropped by the U.K. soccer-game masterminds at Sports Interactive, but you would never know it by the latest addition to the family. This edition of the game might just be the best yet, thanks to quicker sim times, the addition of major league players, and some small refinements that improve the interface. It remains a little too hardcore and stat-heavy for anyone who doesn't have aspirations to be the next Bill James, although the game is nearly perfect for bleacher creatures who have noggins for numbers.  
  NCAA Football 09 Review
,  The NCAA Football series has always been in the shadow of its big brother, Madden. But like Eli Manning or Ronde Barber, both of whom have a more-famous sibling, NCAA Football has established its own identity and proven itself to be more than Madden with marching bands. This year's effort benefits from the inclusion of an Online Dynasty mode and the ability to share custom roster files, but other than these two additions, little has changed.  
  Civilization Revolution Review
,  Ever since its inception in the early 1990s, Sid Meier's critically acclaimed Civilization series has challenged players to "build an empire to stand the test of time." Civilization Revolution is the newest scion of the series, and like its predecessors, it's a turn-based strategy game in which you take charge of a notable historical civilization and lead them from humble beginnings to world domination. Faced with the great challenge of preserving the strategic breadth of the series while streamlining the experience for consoles, developer Firaxis games has succeeded admirably. The result is a distilled version of Civilization that will please series veterans and newcomers alike.  
  Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures Review
,  Now that Traveller's Tales has conquered a galaxy far, far away, it has its sights set on giving a Lego makeover to a more terrestrial franchise. Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures lets you reenact the key scenes from the first three Indiana Jones movies with a blocky twist that only Lego can provide. The idea of children's building toys pasted atop action-packed adventures may seem strange--and seeing a Lego monkey is rather unnerving--but the enduring charm of the movies is the perfect foundation for some small-scale archaeology. The surprise is that, even without a nostalgia-powered handcuff fastening you to these stories, the whip-cracking action and humorous cutscenes should be enough to draw even the Indy ignorant into the experience.   
  WALL-E Review
,  As a robot designed specifically to make trash cubes, Wall-E's finely honed talent makes up a large part of his existence, but it takes up only a small portion of the movie. There are only so many unique ways Wall-E can interact with waste material before it gets tiring. Sadly, the Nintendo DS version of WALL-E chronicles the robot's twisted relationship with cubes for the entirety of the journey. A puzzle game designed around the joys of slinging garbage may seem like a promising idea, but the tedium of constantly wrestling with a camera that seems to exist solely to hide valuable objects while you dutifully hurl another block at another switch makes for a tedious experience.   
  Devil May Cry 4 Review
,  If you play Devil May Cry 4 on the PC, you should expect all of the same visceral carnage featured in the console versions, but there's a caveat: You'll need a gamepad. If you're a glutton for punishment, you can try using the game's keyboard control scheme, but it's awkward and frustrating. However, assuming that you have a decent controller, you'll find that this excellent sequel is Capcom's finest PC release in years.   
  Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo's Dungeon Review
,  Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo's Dungeon marks the third time Square Enix has paired dungeon-crawling with the world's most adorable yellow bird, capitalizing on the public's seemingly insatiable appetite for anything with a cutesy Final Fantasy theme. The game is an aesthetically pleasing continuation of its PlayStation predecessors, boasting charming visuals and soft melodies. It also introduces a job-changing system as popularized by Final Fantasy Tactics. But don't let its endearing, child-friendly exterior fool you: Chocobo's Dungeon is an intense, often grueling challenge for even experienced dungeon crawlers.  
  Double D Dodgeball Review
,  Ah, the good old days of recess, good-natured play, and competitive schoolyard matches of dodgeball. Given how glamorous recent film, game, and other media portrayals have made the sport seem, Double D Dodgeball doesn't measure up in presentation or entertainment value to its multimedia cousins. Instead, it is a woefully underdeveloped title that pales in comparison to more attractive Xbox Live Arcade games.  
  Schizoid Review
,  Developer Torpex Games is mighty proud of Schizoid's co-op gameplay and has even gone so far as to say that it's the best co-op experience on Xbox Live Arcade. Although it is fun, the co-op is really only as good as your partner because if you don't work together, things will get very frustrating, very fast. When you do have a good friend beside you or on Xbox Live, Schizoid comes close to delivering on this lofty promise.   
  Baseball Mogul 2009 Review
,  It seems to be the year for incremental improvements in baseball management simulations. Just like its main rival, Out of the Park Baseball 9, Baseball Mogul 2009 enters a new season looking a lot like it did last season. After adding a tremendous number of new features and enhancements during the past two years, the current edition of the text-based sports sim is more of a taking-stock upgrade. It focuses on minor revisions to the presentation and artificial intelligence. The result is a good game with subtle improvements that make a better big-league management experience, but one that isn't essential if you already own its predecessor.  
  Bangai-O Spirits Review
,  Treasure is one of the most distinctive development houses in the business. As the force behind such games as Astro Boy: Omega Factor and Ikaruga, it has repeatedly demonstrated a knack for designing outstanding and unusual shooters in which the screen is frequently filled with outrageous numbers of bullets. Its mech action game Bangai-O, released in 1999 for the Nintendo 64 and later on the Dreamcast, was no exception. Now Bangai-O's successor, Bangai-O Spirits, has arrived on the DS, and it delivers intense action with more tactical depth than your average shoot-'em-up.   
  Legend: Hand of God Review
,  Action RPGs may be a ubiquitous these days, but there is always room for another one...if it brings something new to the table or nails that good old Diablo formula. Unfortunately, developer Master Creating's attempt to both innovate and satisfy tradition has been waylaid by flaws in Legend: Hand of God's design and execution. Repetitive battles, dull maps, no multiplayer, and some serious bugs make Legend a less than optimal choice to kill a couple dozen hours between now and the still depressingly far-off release of Diablo III.  
  Madden NFL 09 All-Play Review
,  Madden NFL 09: All-Play for the Wii is for the person who thinks "Bump and Run" is an R. Kelly song. It's for your girlfriend who thinks the tight end is the player that looks best in his uniform pants. It's for the kid who thinks it's odd that John Madden has a game named after him because he knows him only as the old guy from the commercials where the dude's foot catches on fire. These are the sort of folks who will appreciate the new Five-on-Five mode, user-friendly play calling, and simplified controls. If you're the kind of person who grew up on football, Madden 09 for the Wii isn't really for you. Sure, there are Franchise and Superstar modes, as well as online play, but they're pretty much the same things you've been playing for years.   
  Wonder World Amusement Park Review
,  Going to the amusement park is a great way to spend time with your friends and family, but it's quite the expensive trip. Majesco is now offering a way to bring the amusement-park fun to the confines of your living room with Wonder World Amusement Park for the Wii, promising 30 minigames and five unlockable "rides." However, once you partake in the dullness that this virtual amusement park has to offer, you'll likely end up wanting to overspend on the real thing.  
  New International Track & Field Review
,  The formula that most track-and-field games follow was established in the early '80s with Track and Field. The majority of events demanded that players slam alternately on two buttons as fast as they possibly could, a controller-breaking maneuver that has carried over to just about every virtual sprint competition since then. Konami's latest spin on the series, New International Track and Field, adds in online play, a wide array of events, and big-headed characters from Konami's far-reaching past. However, the controls are largely unchanged. Although it's still utterly frantic and exhausting to try to keep up with your competitors, the tight controls and wealth of unlockables make this a solid game.  
  Sam & Max: Season 2 Review
,  Santa going postal, staking an emo vampire, and taking the Soul Train to hell are just a few of the insane moments crammed into Telltale Games' absolutely hilarious Sam & Max Season Two. This outstanding compilation pulls together the last five episodes in the ongoing adventure series starring Sam, a McGruff-style dog sporting a suit and fedora, and Max, a murderous, smelly rabbit. Most fans have probably already played these games, as they have been released online over the past year, but if you missed these games when they were first released, the low price and ton of extras make this collection worth the purchase price.   
  NCAA Football 09 Review
,  The NCAA Football series has always been in the shadow of its big brother, Madden. But like Eli Manning or Ronde Barber, both of whom have a more-famous sibling, NCAA Football has established its own identity and proven itself to be more than Madden with marching bands. This year's effort benefits from the inclusion of an Online Dynasty mode and the ability to share custom roster files, but other than these two additions, little has changed.  
  Golf: Tee It Up Review
,  Golf: Tee It Up doesn't offer nearly as many gameplay options as other golf games, so if you're a veteran of games like EA's Tiger Woods series you'll probably lose interest after the first few holes. If you're a newcomer to the genre looking for a lighter, more casual, and more affordable experience, on the other hand, then Activision's latest Xbox Live Arcade will be a good fit.  
  Nancy Drew: The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society Review
,  Despite the fact that she's been around for nearly 80 years now, Nancy Drew hasn't aged a bit. She's still a hip 18-year-old with a boyfriend named Ned, a devoted single father, and a remarkable knack for solving mysteries. The character has a timeless appeal, and the concept of creating adventure games around her is a natural fit. Unfortunately, Nancy Drew: The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society is an overly simple, tedious product that doesn't do the old girl proud by a long shot.  
  Operation Darkness Review
,  Operation Darkness has no business being as enjoyable as it is. It's got the worst camera ever seen in a tactical role-playing game, some of the the worst visuals of any Xbox 360 title, and a number of irritating design flaws that will make you cry out in frustration. But give it time: Once you overcome the annoyances, you'll find some unique game mechanics and a rewarding succession of large maps to conquer. No, Operation Darkness is not an RPG classic, though it's tempting to assume that any game featuring Adolf Hitler and dragons (together at last!) is a must-play title. Perseverance is rewarded, and if you make it through the first couple of levels you'll inevitably feel the game crawling under your skin, pushing you--against all odds--to make another turn.  
  Sid Meier's Civilization Revolution Review
,  Ever since its inception in the early 1990s, Sid Meier's critically acclaimed Civilization series has challenged players to "build an empire to stand the test of time." Civilization Revolution is the newest scion of the series, and like its predecessors, it's a turn-based strategy game in which you take charge of a notable historical civilization and lead them from humble beginnings to world domination. Faced with the great challenge of preserving the strategic breadth of the series while streamlining the experience for consoles, developer Firaxis games has succeeded admirably. The result is a distilled version of Civilization that will please series veterans and newcomers alike.  
  Kung Fu Panda Review
,  Kung Fu Panda on the Xbox 360 brilliantly captures the look and feel of the movie that it's based on; the problem is that it's shallow, repetitive, and only slightly longer than the source material. The game is intended primarily for those who have seen the film and want to live out Po's adventure as both the bumbling fool and unlikely Dragon Warrior saviour. For this reason, those who pick up Kung Fu Panda on a whim may find the character introductions are a little thin and that their experience suffers as a result.   
  Code Lyoko: Fall of X.A.N.A. Review
,  
  Final Fantasy IV Review
,  More than 15 years ago, SquareSoft shocked the world with its masterpiece Final Fantasy II (which was actually the fourth game in the series but only the second released in North America). For the first time, console role-players weren't given a few generic heroes and charged with stopping the evil wizard and saving the world; instead, they were introduced to a wide assortment of realistic characters who struggled with complex adult issues such as love, hate, honor, duty, betrayal, and redemption. Now, this epic saga has been entirely remade in 3D on the Nintendo DS, and whether Cecil, Kain, and Rosa are new faces or old friends, this is one adventure that you shouldn't miss.  
  Supreme Ruler 2020 Review
,  Geopolitics is the subject of Supreme Ruler 2020, a fiendishly complex real-time strategy game from BattleGoat Studios. Unfortunately the developer doesn't appear to have learned any lessons from 2005's more-than-promising Supreme Ruler 2010 and has issued a sequel with virtually all of the flaws of the original game intact but, in many cases, made even worse. Unbelievable political events, statesmanship by proxy where the game practically plays itself, and an incredibly steep learning curve that comes without the assistance of an interactive tutorial will turn off all but the most fanatical strategy gamers.  
  Buzz!: Quiz TV Review
,  UK REVIEW--The Buzz series has been a steady fixture in Europe for many years, with seven different editions of the main game and four versions of the Junior spin-off. Like many other Sony Europe games, the series took its time getting across the Atlantic, but Buzz! The Mega Quiz finally hit North American PlayStation 2s last year. Now, the inevitable PlayStation 3 version has arrived in Europe, and Buzz! Quiz TV uses the console's increased functionality to offer custom question sets, online play, and wireless buzzers for the first time.  
  WALL-E Review
,  It's not often that a game on a last-generation system is able to thoroughly trump its current console counterparts, but Wall-E on the PlayStation 2 is able to hold that prestigious claim. Though Pixar movies appeal to both children and adults by creating lovable characters with lifelike motivations, the games have often ignored their older audience entirely. This is not the case with Wall-E. A variety of gameplay mechanics that not only expand on the scenes from the movie, but provide a healthy amount of challenge and fun as well, make this a legitimately good game rather than another slapdash licensed cash-in.  
  Guitar Hero: Aerosmith Review
,  For those of you who are pressed for time--or simply hate to read--here's an abridged review of the latest Guitar Hero: If you like Aerosmith, you'll like this game. If you don't like Aerosmith, you will not like this game. Even dedicated fans of the group may have trouble rationalizing paying full price for just 41 songs, but while GH: Aerosmith is a little short on content, it's plenty of fun.   
  Belief & Betrayal Review
,  Apparently, there is no escape from the Da Vinci Code phenomenon. Hack novels about ancient Christianity have been clogging bookstore shelves for a good three years now thanks to author Dan Brown, and this trend has now come to adventure gaming. Artematica Entertainment's take on yet another insidious Catholic conspiracy is Belief & Betrayal, a subpar point-and-click affair that somehow manages to spin a yarn even more ridiculous than one of Brown's potboilers. Absurd scripting, annoying voice acting, and nonstop nonsensical pixel hunts make it no surprise that this dire scheme has been kept under wraps for the better part of 2,000 years.  
  Etrian Odyssey II: Heroes of Lagaard Review
,  Last year's Etrian Odyssey delivered classic turn-based role-playing on the Nintendo DS, complete with mapmaking, serious level grinding, and excellent character customization options. Those who played it will undoubtedly remember having to spend hours powering up their parties just to take down one of the game's many vicious enemies. Those who haven't will be able to experience this same action--with some welcome additions--in Etrian Odyssey II: Heroes of Lagaard, a sequel that barely alters the core gameplay of the original but refines it just enough to make it more palatable.  
  Guitar Hero: Aerosmith Review
,  For those of you who are pressed for time--or simply hate to read--here's an abridged review of the latest Guitar Hero: If you like Aerosmith, you'll like this game. If you don't like Aerosmith, you will not like this game. Even dedicated fans of the group may have trouble rationalizing paying full price for just 41 songs, but while GH: Aerosmith is a little short on content, it's plenty of fun.   
  WALL-E Review
,  The main reason Pixar movies are so revered is that they are able to appeal to both adults and children at the same time. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for the games based on these movies. Wall-E follows in the path of many cartoon adaptations before it--taking the wholesome aesthetic and crafting a trivial game around it while ignoring a large part of the film's audience in the process. The mechanics in Wall-E are accessible enough that children eager to spend more time with the lovable robot will find an inviting world, but the end result is too short and predictable to provide value for any platforming veterans.   	  
  The SimCity Box Review
,  The SimCity Box is a good value, so if for some reason you haven't tested your mayoral prowess in a SimCity title before, now's your chance. Ostensibly, this package includes five games, though that isn't quite the case, since two of them are expansions. Yet at $39.95, it packs in dozens of hours of quality gameplay, thanks in particular to the inclusion of SimCity 4 and its Rush Hour add-on. This isn't quite the dream team of SimCity games--no one wants or needs the lame SnapCity, and the inclusion of 1998's SimCity 3000 would seem a no-brainer--but if you can overlook the filler, you'll still find that the cream rises to the top.  
  Soulcalibur Review
,  Soulcalibur first wowed arcade-goers with its impressive 3D visuals and sublime head-to-head combat in 1998. The following year, a 
  NASCAR 09 Review
,  There's no question that with all of the new features, NASCAR 09 is an improvement over previous installments in the series. The gameplay hasn't received much attention, but better presentation, the ability to completely customize your ride, and other minor enhancements make this a game that should please most fans of the sport.  
  Fatal Inertia EX Review
,  Though it was originally announced as a retail exclusive for the PlayStation 3, delays in development allowed the Xbox 360 version of Fatal Inertia to jump out ahead of its PS3 counterpart. Now, almost a year after the release of the Xbox 360 game, Fatal Inertia EX is finally available as a download from the PlayStation Store. The EX version boasts new single-player races, an adjusted difficulty setting, and motion controls. Despite some improvements and additional content, however, Fatal Inertia EX never really rises above the floaty physics and underwhelming sense of speed that plagued its original release.   
  Rock Band Review
,  PlayStation 2 owners were bummed when they had to wait an extra month for the greatness of Rock Band, but that's nothing compared to the seven months Wii owners have had to endure. Despite the lengthy period between the release of the PS2 and Wii iterations, the two games are mostly identical to each other. The Wii doesn't have online play and lacks most of the customization options of the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, but it still lets you and three friends form a band to rock the night away--and that's the important thing.  
  NASCAR 09 Review
,  There's no question that with all of the new features, NASCAR 09 is an improvement over previous installments in the series. The gameplay hasn't received much attention, but better presentation, the ability to completely customize your ride, and other minor enhancements make this a game that should please most fans of the sport.  
  Mega Man Star Force 2: Zerker X Ninja Review
,  Mega Man Star Force 2 is the eighth game in the Battle Network series, which began on the Game Boy Advance. When Capcom moved Mega Man to the Nintendo DS, the Star Force series introduced new characters, storylines, and an over-the-shoulder battle perspective. However, little else changed. The gameplay mechanics, graphics, and audio design in Mega Man Star Force 2 are essentially the same as those of its predecessors. Nevertheless, if you enjoyed previous entries in the series or are an avid fan of dungeon-crawling role-playing games, then you'll probably find a number of redeeming qualities.   
  Mega Man Star Force 2: Zerker X Saurian Review
,  Mega Man Star Force 2 is the eighth game in the Battle Network series, which began on the Game Boy Advance. When Capcom moved Mega Man to the Nintendo DS, the Star Force series introduced new characters, storylines, and an over-the-shoulder battle perspective. However, little else changed. The gameplay mechanics, graphics, and audio design in Mega Man Star Force 2 are essentially the same as those of its predecessors. Nevertheless, if you enjoyed previous entries in the series or are an avid fan of dungeon-crawling role-playing games, then you'll probably find a number of redeeming qualities.   
  Overlord: Raising Hell Review
,  Overlord and its mischievous minions fought their way onto the Xbox 360 in mid 2007. Almost 12 months and a downloadable content pack later, the game has finally arrived on the PlayStation 3. The question is, have the flaws that shipped the first time around been addressed in the meantime? Unfortunately, the answer is no. While the original game's premium downloadable content has been rolled into the single-player campaign and a couple of minor new features, such as an in-game minimap, have been included, Overlord for the PS3 is a frustrating experience with dated visuals and awkward controls.   
  Insecticide Review
,  Insecticide isn't a straightforward adventure as much as it is an adventure and a 3D platformer pushed together with little care as to how the parts fit. Many of the platform action sequences are dull, repetitive, and seem to have been shoehorned in at the last minute to jazz up what would have otherwise been a traditional point-and-click adventure. So the end result is a haphazard mishmash that won't appeal to fans of either genre.  
  Command & Conquer 3: Kane's Wrath Review
,  Last year's Command & Conquer 3: Tiberium Wars featured a horde of freaky alien units, hammy acting, and lots of explosions. With Kane's Wrath, Electronic Arts provides freakier aliens, hammier acting, and bigger explosions, and then mixes them into a stand-alone expansion pack that gives us more ways to experience the terrific gameplay. The additions don't improve the core game in any meaningful way, and the campaign misses its mark, but if you're a fan of last year's entry, you'll enjoy this follow-up.  
  Top Spin 3 Review
,  Top Spin has always been one of the more realistic tennis games on the market, and Pam Development has worked hard to keep up that tradition with Top Spin 3. While the game's challenging style may alienate casual players, it will keep dedicated ones occupied beyond this season and for a long time to come.  
  Wacky Races: Crash & Dash Review
,  Performance-boosting items have been a staple in mascot racing games for some time, but these arcade experiences usually encompass some sort of racing structure as well. This is not true with Wacky Races. You won't find a button for acceleration or brakes here--and don't even think about powersliding. This game requires only slightly more interaction than the 40-year-old cartoon on which it's based. The presentation will give a nostalgic glow to anyone who remembers the Hanna-Barbera series, but the actual gameplay will only produce shortness of breath and elaborate yawns.  
  Top Spin 3 Review
,  Top Spin has always been one of the more realistic tennis games on the market, and Pam Development has worked hard to keep up that tradition with Top Spin 3. While the game's challenging style may alienate casual players, it will keep dedicated ones occupied beyond this season and for a long time to come.  
  Wacky Races: Crash & Dash Review
,  Performance-boosting items have been a staple in mascot racing games for some time, but these arcade experiences usually encompass some sort of racing structure as well. This is not true with Wacky Races. You won't find a button for acceleration or brakes here--and don't even think about powersliding. This game requires only slightly more interaction than the 40-year-old cartoon on which it's based. The presentation will give a nostalgic glow to anyone who remembers the Hanna-Barbera series, but the actual gameplay will only produce aching wrists and elaborate yawns.  
  Emergency Heroes Review
,  Emergency Heroes is Ubisoft's attempt at an open-world game for young gamers. But with an incredibly sterile city, repetitive missions, and an inconsequential plot, the game manages to make playing as a police officer, a firefighter, and a medic no fun whatsoever. The single-player game is a five-hour slog through dull missions, and the introduction of friends in multiplayer does little to alleviate the boredom. In the end, it's a game that's so generic and devoid of fun that it actively sucks the life out of you as you play it.   
  Guitar Hero: Aerosmith Review
,  For those of you who are pressed for time--or simply hate to read--here's an abridged review of the latest Guitar Hero: If you like Aerosmith, you'll like this game. If you don't like Aerosmith, you will not like this game. Even dedicated fans of the group may have trouble rationalizing paying full price for just 41 songs, but while GH: Aerosmith is a little short on content, it's plenty of fun.  
  Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2 Review
,  Trauma Center: Under the Knife 2 is the sequel to 2005's Under the Knife, which introduced the world to the amazing Dr. Derek Stiles and a deadly infection concocted by a crazed terrorist group hell-bent on destroying humanity. Many puzzle fans couldn't put the game down despite its outrageous plot and painful difficulty, and the sequel is just as addictive. Though you'll still spend time fighting fictional diseases spread by bioterrorism, Under the Knife 2 is such an exceptional medical-themed puzzler that you'll forget the game's absurdity as you're sucked in by its consuming gameplay.  
  Happy Tree Friends False Alarm Review
,  Happy Tree Friends False Alarm is a side-scrolling puzzle game available on Xbox Live Arcade that requires players to safely guide a group of the overly cute Happy Tree Friends past levels filled with various environmental dangers. Although the Flash cartoon series found plenty of fans thanks to the imaginatively over-the-top violence it perpetrated on its characters, this game won't win many plaudits thanks to its unimaginative level design, poor AI, and clunky controls.   
  Hail to the Chimp Review
,  When you first see the box art featuring a big-eared primate with a goofy smile jumping over a cartoon White House, it's clear that Hail to the Chimp, "The Presidential Party Game," is all about satire. What's not clear is exactly what sort of game you can expect, and this disparity is a good metaphor for the game itself. Hail to the Chimp is so keenly focused on delivering humor that it seems quite unconcerned with offering entertaining gameplay. After a few hours with the game, you'll wonder if they should have just nixed the playable parts entirely.  
  WALL-E Review
,  The main reason Pixar movies are so revered is that they are able to appeal to both adults and children at the same time. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for the games based on these movies. Wall-E follows in the path of many cartoon adaptations before it--taking the wholesome aesthetic and crafting a trivial game around it while ignoring a large part of the film's audience in the process. The mechanics in Wall-E are accessible enough that children eager to spend more time with the lovable robot will find an inviting world, but the end result is too short and predictable to provide value for any platforming veterans.   	  
  Ticket to Ride Review
,  Real board games are so last millennium. Now, all the cool kids get their games online, without any of those pesky game pieces to lose and bulky boxes to take up space in the closet. Just like Carcasonne, Catan, and Uno before it, Ticket to Ride dumps the cardboard in favor of a game pad, and the end result is just as good--if not better--than the original. Ticket to Ride is a smoothly paced strategy game that's easy to learn and fun to play.  
  Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes 2: The Phantom Fortress Review
,  Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes 2: The Phantom Fortress is a mostly recycled fighting game placed within a hollow adventure. To lay its basic contents bare, this game contains a lengthy single-player campaign called The Mugenjo, a series of team battles called Heroes mode, a head-to-head battle, a bonus content area called Ninja Road, and finally, Naruto's House, where you can view purchased bonus items. It's a ton of content, and it would take you well over 10 hours to explore all of it. It will take you only about two hours, though, to get tired of it.   
  SimCity Societies: Destinations Review
,  The Destinations expansion pack for SimCity Societies does more than you could have expected: It makes a decent game a good one. This is no mean feat, especially when you consider that the gameplay hasn't seen a drastic overhaul. Yet the additions and the changes make significant enhancements, and in turn, Destinations accomplishes something that the initial release couldn't: It draws you in. If you didn't like the original Societies, this add-on may very well change your mind.  
  Soul Bubbles Review
,  Casting you in the role of a trainee shaman tasked with ferrying souls to the underworld, Soul Bubbles is an amusingly endearing game. From the Yoda-esque tutor who gently teases you through the tutorials, to the relaxing evening sounds of the Savannah as you guide souls into paradise, there is little to dislike about the game. It is simple, well executed, and delightful.  
  WALL-E Review
,  The main reason Pixar movies are so revered is that they are able to appeal to both adults and children at the same time. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for the games based on these movies. Wall-E follows in the path of many cartoon adaptations before it--taking the wholesome aesthetic and crafting a trivial game around it while ignoring a large part of the film's audience in the process. The mechanics in Wall-E are accessible enough that children eager to spend more time with the lovable robot will find an inviting world, but the end result is too short and predictable to provide value for any platforming veterans.   	  
  Dracula: Origin Review
,  Good storytelling never goes out of style. For proof, check out Dracula: Origin, a point-and-click reimagination of Bram Stoker's classic novel from Frogwares that delivers a gothic tale as atmospheric and chilling as a London fog. While you couldn't ask for a more done-to-death story, the treatment of this legendary material is both respectful and innovative, with familiar characters and scenes being mixed in with all-new escapades set across Europe and the Middle East. Too many pixel hunts and logic puzzles that occasionally stray into "good luck solving this without a walkthrough" territory cause a few problems, although these frustrations aren't enough to ruin a great Victorian spook story.  
  Hot Shots Golf: Open Tee 2 Review
,  Hot Shots Golf and innovation are two things that apparently don't go well together. The series has always provided a good round of arcade-style golf, but the lack of improvement in Hot Shots Golf: Open Tee 2 for the PSP is hard to understand and even harder to forgive. It plays just like the last Hot Shots game on the PSP, though it does have more courses and an online mode. Open Tee 2 is fun, but it's more of the same.  
  Lego Indiana Jones: The Original Adventures Review
,  Now that Traveller's Tales has conquered a galaxy far, far away, it has set its sights on giving a Lego makeover to a more terrestrial franchise. Lego Indiana Jones: The Complete Trilogy lets you reenact the key scenes from the first three Indiana Jones movies, with a blocky twist only Lego can provide. The idea of children's building toys pasted atop action-packed adventures may seem strange--and seeing a Lego monkey is rather unnerving--but the enduring charm of the movies is the perfect foundation for some small-scale tomb robbing. An insatiable love for all things Indy isn't a prerequisite to enjoying this game, though. Even with camera and control issues, the clever puzzles and silly atmosphere should be enough to draw even the Indy-ignorant into the experience.  
  Summon Night: Twin Age Review
,  Flight-Plan's Summon Night: Twin Age, the second Nintendo DS game in the series, is yet another lighthearted action role-playing game with adorable sprites. It shares some similarities with its predecessors, specifically the inclusion of a crafting system in addition to dungeon exploration, but differentiates itself by abandoning the franchise's random battles and side-scrolling view. It's a cute candidate for those looking to expand their dungeon-crawler library, but it's also unremarkable in every way.  
  Myst Review
,  When the CD-ROM was introduced into personal computing almost two decades ago, Rand and Robyn Miller created Myst--an adventure game that was considered the fledgling format's killer app. They took the puzzle-solving staples of adventure games, applied them to a first-person fantasy universe, and created one of the best-selling games of its time. Numerous ports and remakes later, Empire Interactive brings Myst to the Nintendo DS with additional features. Yet, these features--and the original content--go to waste because poor implementation and design decisions destroy what was supposed to be a surreal journey.  
  Europa Universalis III: Napoleon's Ambition Review
,  One of the few disappointments with Europa Universalis III was that its timeline ended too soon. It was awfully disappointing when the march of history in the turn-based strategy game's grand campaign suddenly ground to a halt with the onset of the French Revolution in 1789, given that this was the eve of Napoleon's emergence in Europe. Having to stop just before Robespierre started to chop off heads was a big letdown. But developer Paradox Interactive has made up for this omission with Napoleon's Ambition. There isn't much to this expansion beyond the newfound ability to lead everyone's favorite petit general to world domination, but the detailed depiction of one of the most chaotic eras in world history adds a lot of punch to the core game all by itself.  
  Big Beach Sports Review
,  The success of Wii Sports has clearly had an influence on third-party publishers. Many have released or are set to release similar sports compilations of their own, with Big Beach Sports being the first attempt from THQ. It's a collection of six seaside offerings that includes volleyball, boules, American football, soccer, disc golf, and cricket. Some games work better than others and none of them offer much depth or reward, but as an occasional multiplayer diversion, Big Beach Sports houses at least some appeal.  
  The Sims Carnival: SnapCity Review
,  Sometimes, two unique flavors belong together, like peanut butter and bananas, or bacon and anything. Other flavors, like pickles and chocolate, are best left separated. And so we have The Sims Carnival: SnapCity, a little title that combines Tetris and SimCity into a weird casserole of boring, half-baked gameplay mechanics that will disappoint fans of either of those classics. Like a horseradish milkshake or herring cream pie, it's a curiosity you should leave others to experience.   
  Europa Universalis III: In Nomine Review
,  Paradox Interactive's outstanding real-time strategy game can already be characterized as falling somewhere between "vast" and "so big you need a doctorate in European history to make heads or tails out of this thing." Despite making the game even bigger, the In Nomine expansion's superb collection of tweaks actually provides more focus to campaigns and makes it easier to hone in on how to best lead a nation from a mere great power to a world-spanning colossus. New features, such as scripted scenario goals and rebel factions, keep you concentrated on the big picture, while fine-tuned elements, such as colonies and the powers of the papacy, allow you to further indulge a love for historical micromanagement.  
  Block Breaker Deluxe Review
,  From iPods to cell phones, block-breaking games have appeared on just about every piece of technology with a screen, so it was only a matter of time until the Wii got an Arkanoid-style game of its own. Block Breaker Deluxe doesn't steer too far from the established block-breaking formula, but it offers enough challenge to be worth a look.  
  The Incredible Hulk Review
,  From a blind man's perspective, the PC version of The Incredible Hulk is a mirror image of its Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 counterparts. You control the giant green monster in a free-roaming, fully destructible version of New York City. The repetitive missions and devil-may-care structure make the transition intact, letting you wreak havoc on the streets if you feel like shirking your duty to save the city. Though the core mechanics are identical, what little fun that could be had by mindlessly terrorizing the people of New York has been lost in translation. The rudimentary graphics and mostly empty streets eradicate even the simple joys of causing massive chaos. By emulating the PlayStation 2 and Wii versions instead of the far superior Xbox 360 and PS3 versions, The Incredible Hulk on the PC loses what little charm there was in mercilessly destroying a city. This abject mess should be avoided by even the most diehard comic-book fans.  
  Supreme Commander Review
,  It's hard to guess how a game like Supreme Commander for the Xbox 360 gets approved for a retail release. It's a technical disaster, prone to frequent lockups, constant stuttering, and plenty of buggy behavior. These issues are maddening, because at its core, Supreme Commander is a great real-time strategy game, filled with tactical intricacies that function on a massive scale. On the PC, it worked brilliantly. Here, it isn't just rough around the edges--it's just plain rough. Fantastic strategic gameplay deserves better, and it's astonishing that it was allowed on store shelves in its current state.   
  Cocoto Fishing Master Review
,  Neko Entertainment's plucky little demon, Cocoto, is an unfortunate mascot. He's certainly just as cute as any of the better-known, multigenre mascots out there, and the world he lives in is overflowing with story opportunities, but he just can't seem to catch a break. He's got potential, but game mascots needs something more than potential to succeed: they need a good game, something Cocoto Fishing Master isn't.  
  Stronghold Crusader Extreme Review
,  You can't go home again. That's the lesson of Stronghold Crusader Extreme, a revamping of Firefly Studios' classic 2002 real-time strategy game 
  The Incredible Hulk Review
,  From a blind man's perspective, the PS2 version of The Incredible Hulk is a mirror image of its Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 counterparts. You control the giant green monster in a free-roaming, fully destructible version of New York City. The repetitive missions and devil-may-care structure make the transition intact, letting you wreak havoc on the streets if you feel like shirking your duty to save the city. Though the core mechanics are identical, what little fun that could be had by mindlessly terrorizing the people of New York has been lost in translation. The rudimentary graphics and mostly empty streets eradicate even the simple joys of causing massive chaos. By trying to cram the same sandbox experience onto a system with far less power, the PS2 version loses what little charm The Incredible Hulk had. This abject mess should be avoided by even the most diehard comic-book fans.  
  Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift Review
,  Final Fantasy Tactics A2: Grimoire of the Rift is the Nintendo DS sequel to the Game Boy Advance's Final Fantasy Tactics Advance. Grimoire is a strategy role-playing game that has inherited many of the franchise's characteristics, including the classic grid-based movement system and a bevy of new jobs, but it also boasts full stylus controls and a dual-screen presentation. However, some may feel bogged down by its frustrating law system and steep learning curve.  
  Battlefield: Bad Company Review
,  In Battlefield: Bad Company, no one is safe. Not a sniper hiding inside a tower. Not a soldier driving a massive tank. And definitely not you, as you bob and weave across a fiery sandbox of destruction. If you thought the action of the Battlefield franchise was intense before, you haven't seen anything yet. Thanks to a fleshed-out single-player campaign, Battlefield's trademark multiplayer action, and a new level of destructibility, Bad Company is quite simply one of the most fun shooters released this year.   
  Secret Agent Clank Review
,  Best known as Ratchet's robotic Swiss Army sidekick, Clank has finally given up his role as the last surviving Lombax's backpack to star in his own game. The diminutive hero isn't the only playable character in Secret Agent Clank, but his enjoyable missions, in which light stealth mechanics are incorporated into the series' traditionally gung-ho gameplay, are what distinguish this from previous games. When you're not playing as Clank, there's no shortage of all-out action as the imprisoned Ratchet defends himself against other inmates in arena-style levels. Humor comes courtesy of Captain Qwark, who's playable in 3D for the first time and eager to take the credit for Clank's heroics. Vehicular chases and puzzle-based Gadgebot levels add variety to the proceedings, and the end result is an adventure well worth embarking on.  
  Warlords Review
,  When the Ming Dynasty wanted to defend its northern border, it built a wall. When Atari was building an empire in arcade games, it ensconced four monarchs behind rivaling walls and called the game Warlords. For what this port of the Atari classic delivers, 400 Microsoft points is a steep asking price.  
  Enemy Territory: Quake Wars Review
,  When Enemy Territory: Quake Wars was released in October 2007 on the PC, it was lauded as a feverish multiplayer shooter for its objective-based action set in id Software's rich Quake universe. Naturally, console gamers wanted a piece of the GDF-versus-Strogg action, so id turned to Nerve Software to develop an Xbox 360 port, and to Underground Development for a PlayStation 3 version. The results? Console owners are subjected to two lackluster ports that fail to improve or expand upon the original in any way, making the game feel dated next to worthwhile console shooters such as Call of Duty 4 and Rainbow Six: Vegas 2. Something was certainly lost in translation.  
  Mass Effect Review
,  When Mass Effect was originally released last November on the Xbox 360, it unveiled a vast, beautiful galaxy populated by diverse, fascinating alien races. Players stepped onto this stage as Commander Shepard, a hero at the vanguard of humanity's ascension in the arena of galactic politics, and thus began an epic story bolstered by engaging characters and rich, branching dialogue. Exciting combat and robust skill management completed the package, but it was not without flaws. Many small issues have been addressed in the PC release, and the result is a more streamlined, more playable version of one of the best role-playing games in recent memory.   
  Enemy Territory: Quake Wars Review
,  When Enemy Territory: Quake Wars was released in October 2007 on the PC, it was lauded as a feverish multiplayer shooter for its objective-based action set in id Software's rich Quake universe. Naturally, console gamers wanted a piece of the GDF-versus-Strogg action, so id turned to Nerve Software to develop an Xbox 360 port, and to Underground Development for a PlayStation 3 version. The results? Console owners are subjected to two lackluster ports that fail to improve or expand upon the original in any way, making the game feel dated next to worthwhile console shooters such as Call of Duty 4 and Rainbow Six: Vegas 2. Something was certainly lost in translation.  
  Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor Review
,  Galactic Civilizations II: Twilight of the Arnor isn't just a great expansion, it's also a wonderful culmination of everything good about the series. Developer Stardock has addressed just about all of the possible complaints about both the original game and its Dark Avatar add-on. Plus, they've added impactful tech-tree innovations, a climactic campaign, and a host of other tweaks, for a superb example of what an expansion pack should be.   
  Elements of Destruction Review
,  If you've delighted in building a sandcastle only to smash it down like Godzilla or enjoyed creating a SimCity only to burn it to the ground, you should feel right at home with Elements of Destruction. It's a very simple game that is unabashedly about one thing and one thing only: destroying lots of really big stuff.   
  PixelJunk Monsters Encore Review
,  PixelJunk Monsters was a refreshing change from the glut of dual-stick shooters pervading console download services. Encore provides more of the same kind of strategic, trial-and-error gameplay, though it is aimed purely at fans yearning for an even greater challenge than the original offered. Indeed, the expansion is distinctly harder, so while it may contain fewer levels, it may take you longer to finish, particularly if you try to earn the ever-elusive rainbow reward bonus for each one. This is an expansion for dedicated fans only, but if you count yourself among them, you'll be pleased with this $5.99 download.   
  Sea Life Safari Review
,  Sea Life Safari tries to bring the thrill of underwater exploration to Xbox Live Arcade but fails miserably. Kids may have a little bit of fun snapping photos of fish, but the game is unattractive, achingly boring, and so preposterously simple that it won't hold anyone's attention for long.   
  Dragon Ball Z: Burst Limit Review
,  If you've managed to steer clear of the popular Dragon Ball Z anime for this long, you can be forgiven for thinking that Burst Limit is a game best ignored. Nevertheless, you'd be wrong. Though this 3D fighter is full of references for the fans, it's a good game in its own right and can serve as an easy point of entry into the DBZ universe.  
  The Political Machine 2008 Review
,  Four years seem to be making a lot of difference in the real American political landscape, but things haven't changed all that much in the virtual one created by Stardock. The Political Machine 2008 is nearly indistinguishable from its 2004 predecessor, with the same board-game-style mechanics, fast pace, and charming personality. Although it may be a bit disappointing to see that the new boss is pretty much the same as the old boss, the basic turn-based gameplay remains as catchy as ever, and new features such as alternate-world scenarios and an in-depth candidate editor freshen up this familiar face.  
  Space Invaders Extreme Review
,  There's nothing quite like an old video game series celebrating a landmark anniversary to make you feel old, especially when it's a 30th anniversary, as is the case for Space Invaders. The game that literally created a shortage of yen coins in Japan is celebrating three decades of blasting aliens with Space Invaders Extreme for the PSP. New graphics, revamped gameplay, fun (albeit strictly offline) multiplayer, and a low price make this new imagining of Space Invaders a surprisingly good time.   
  The Incredible Hulk Review
,  Trying to translate the unrelenting might of the Hulk on a portable system, even one with two screens, is not an enviable task. So it comes as no surprise that The Incredible Hulk on the Nintendo DS is a far different game than the console versions. The open-world chaos has been shrunk down to a series of 30 confined levels, and Hulk's terrifying rage has been bottled up, turning his exploits into a 2D platformer with only the occasional glimpse of the angry beast buried under that green skin. Though the game fails to impress as a Hulk-smashing simulator, it is actually the strongest, most imaginative game to bear his likeness this year. A variety of cleverly designed levels and some challenging (though never cheap) obstacles make this title stand out on its own merits.  
  Penny Arcade Adventures: On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness Review
,  If the image of a fruit juicer having its way with a delectable-looking orange seems more offensive than funny, Penny Arcade Adventures: On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness may not be for you. This is not just some generic trash stamped with the Penny Arcade logo; this is the long-running webcomic seamlessly realized in video game form. From the sometimes poetic but mostly vulgar humor to the vibrant art style that somehow drips with both blood and goofy joy, the guys at Penny Arcade have entered the format that they have spent so many years lampooning, and have delivered something that could withstand even their wicked barbs. The chance of it converting detractors of their traditional work is about as likely as that burlap sack containing something other than hobos, but that's to be expected. The Penny Arcade guys made a game just for their fans, and it's really darn good.  
  The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian Review
,  Disney has done it again. For the second time now, the kid-friendly conglomerate has defied the odds and released a movie-licensed Chronicles of Narnia game that almost lives up to the source material, thanks largely to the talents of developer Traveller's Tales (best known for its Lego Star Wars and Indiana Jones games). This summer's Prince Caspian follows in the paw prints of 2006's The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, giving C.S. Lewis aficionados a lunch-pail action adventure better than the kiddie dreck you were probably expecting. However, in both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions of the game, a number of issues still limit the game's appeal to fans of talking animals. These include the game's lack of imagination, as well as a confusing narrative and some oddly murky visuals.  
  The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian Review
,  Disney has done it again. For the second time now, the kid-friendly conglomerate has defied the odds and released a movie-licensed Chronicles of Narnia game that almost lives up to the source material, thanks largely to the talents of developer Traveller's Tales (best known for its Lego Star Wars and Indiana Jones games). This summer's Prince Caspian follows in the paw prints of 2006's The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, giving C.S. Lewis aficionados a lunch-pail action adventure better than the kiddie dreck you were probably expecting. However, in both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions of the game, a number of issues still limit the game's appeal to fans of talking animals. These include the game's lack of imagination, as well as a confusing narrative and some oddly murky visuals.  
  Lost Planet: Extreme Conditions - Colonies Edition Review
,  Lost Planet: Extreme Condition - Colonies Edition is an updated version of Capcom's icy shooter released on the Xbox 360 and PC last year (and on the PlayStation 3 earlier this year). Colonies doesn't bring any new single-player missions to the table, but it does come with a load of new multiplayer game modes and maps, and a few single-player additions. It's the most complete Lost Planet experience thus far, and its bargain price should prove appealing to gamers who are curious about the game. But for those who already own the original, there's really not enough here to warrant a second look unless you're a Lost Planet multiplayer junkie.  
  Arkanoid DS Review
,  In the beginning there was Pong. Then there was Breakout, and 10 years later there was Arkanoid. Taito's bat-and-ball block breaker first appeared in arcades more than 20 years ago, and in the years since it has graced numerous home computers and consoles. Arkanoid DS, which comes to North America and Europe minus the paddle controller that it was bundled with in Japan last year, introduces a handful of new features to the Arkanoid mix but thankfully doesn't do anything that's detrimental to the classic gameplay. Multiplayer options, new power-ups, unlockable audio and visual options, and the objective-based Quest mode make Arkanoid DS easy to recommend. The lack of a paddle (you can import one) is disappointing and the D-pad option is best avoided, but the stylus works just fine.  
  Space Invaders Extreme Review
,  There's nothing quite like an old video game series celebrating a landmark anniversary to make you feel old, especially when it's a 30th anniversary, as is the case for Space Invaders. The game that literally created a shortage of yen coins in Japan is celebrating three decades of blasting aliens with Space Invaders Extreme for the Nintendo DS. New graphics, revamped gameplay, fun multiplayer, and a low price make this new imagining of Space Invaders a surprisingly good time.  
  Death Jr.: Root of Evil Review
,  Death Jr. has always been just shy of reaching his potential. As one of the first games to debut for the PSP system, Death Jr.'s endearing character design and art style looked promising. Unfortunately, frustrating controls and a pesky camera system made the pint-sized son of the Grim Reaper fall short of expectations. The game's sequel improved on some of its predecessor's shortcomings by offering better camera control and weapon combat. Death Jr.: Root of Evil for the Wii is a port of the PSP sequel, and it, too, improves the formula. The new game suffers from a few poor design choices but it's still an able, entertaining platformer.  
  The Incredible Hulk Review
,  From a blind man's perspective, the Wii version of The Incredible Hulk is a mirror image of its Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 counterparts. You control the giant green monster in a free-roaming, fully destructible version of New York City. The repetitive missions and devil-may-care structure make the transition intact, letting you wreak havoc on the streets if you feel like shirking your duty to save the city. Though the core mechanics are identical, what little fun that could be had by mindlessly terrorizing the people of New York has been lost in translation. The rudimentary graphics and cumbersome controls eradicate even the simple joys of causing massive chaos. By trying to cram the same sandbox experience onto a system with far less power, the Wii version loses what little charm The Incredible Hulk had. This abject mess should be avoided by even the most diehard comic-book fans.  
  Wolf of the Battlefield: Commando 3 Review
,  Wolf of the Battlefield: Commando 3 is not a remake of the venerable Commando series, but a sequel that lobs the franchise out of the '80s and into the lap of nostalgia. The gameplay has been updated to be a top-down, dual-thumbstick shooter like its cousins Robotron, Smash TV, and the recently released Rocketmen: Axis of Evil. You are tasked with blasting your way through droves of enemies across multiple levels not only on foot but also with some all-too-brief vehicle segments. The action is intense, and the enemy army seems to be without limit, at least for an hour or so.   
  Aces of the Galaxy Review
,    Aces of the Galaxy is an on-rails space shooter that casts you as a human pilot who has stolen the Omega Prototype space fighter from the vile Skurgians. Now, you must make your way back to Earth's fleet, shooting through wave after wave of either very brave or very stupid enemies in flimsy crafts that are no match for your own, blasting them all to smithereens. It's a tried-and-true formula that, when done well, can be a whole lot of fun. And it's done very well here.  
  Wolf of the Battlefield: Commando 3 Review
,  Wolf of the Battlefield: Commando 3 is not a remake of the venerable Commando series, but a sequel that lobs the franchise out of the '80s and into the lap of nostalgia. The gameplay has been updated to be a top-down, dual-thumbstick shooter like its cousins Robotron, Smash TV, and the recently released Rocketmen: Axis of Evil. You are tasked with blasting your way through droves of enemies across multiple levels not only on foot but also with some all-too-brief vehicle segments. The action is intense, and the enemy army seems to be without limit, at least for an hour or so.  
  We Ski Review
,  If you've come here hoping for confirmation that snowboards are featured in Namco Bandai's latest Wii offering you're out of luck, because they're not. If you're here looking for an entertaining and accessible skiing game, however, then you've come to the right place. We Ski affords you unlimited access to the large Happy Ski Resort from the get-go, and while the game's unusual controls definitely take some getting used to, the various events and challenges that litter the resort's slopes are well worth the effort.  
  Critter Round-Up Review
,  Critter Round-Up is a cute, colorful puzzle game with a slightly misleading title. The eponymous critters have already been rounded up and fenced in by someone who thinks nothing of penning wolves in with sheep and goats. As a concerned citizen and prolific fence builder, your job is to separate the different species of animals into even smaller fenced-in areas. This simple task is complicated by your character's fragility and the presence of some feisty predators, but it never proves to be a very difficult challenge. This light, albeit limited, puzzle action, combined with a handful of simple and absurdly entertaining multiplayer minigames makes Critter Round-Up another reasonably fun item in the WiiWare catalog.  
  Pop Review
,  Pop is the dark avenue through which to unleash your completely justified hatred of bubbles. As hundreds of spherical globules float across the screen, it's your job to wield your Wii Remote like a pointy stick and, using the A or B button, pop those fragile suckers good. It's a basic concept, and you'll certainly be able to get a decent score by blowing up everything at random, but there is actually a method to the bubble-popping madness. Pop lacks the depth to suck you in like better puzzle games do, but the tranquility of flowing bubbles combined with the savagery of nonstop popping gives it an unexpected charm. For a little while.  
  TV Show King Review
,  There is nothing trivial about knowing the intricacies of Women's Olympic Saber or being able to surmise that the average adult should have 32 teeth, not 32 children. TV Show King, one of the first games released on the WiiWare service, is one of the few games on the system in which trivia buffs can strut their stuff. There are a few tweaks to the classic answer/question dynamic that unfortunately reward luck over knowledge, but the few bad design choices are largely overshadowed by all the good here. Great presentation, a wide array of questions, and even full Mii support make this one of the best options for some family competition.   
  SingStar Review
,  Two years after it was first shown to the public, SingStar has finally been released in North America for the PlayStation 3. It's difficult to say that it was worth the wait. After all, it is just a karaoke game, and there are plenty of those already. However, it's a very good karaoke game that should please anyone who enjoys serenading friends and strangers with unsolicited performances of popular songs.  
  R-Type Command Review
,  R-Type Command is not a side-scrolling 2D shooter like all other R-Types before it. Rather, it is a turn-based strategy game that puts you in control of an ever-growing fleet fighting against familiar waves of alien enemies. Though the early going can be frustrating, the game quickly hits a pleasant cruise control, which can suck you in for hours of playtime. It manages to entertain without impressive graphics, a compelling story, or great unit balance. It does so by giving you huge fleets to toy with, lots of different kinds of ships, and interesting bosses to blow up. This isn't Advance Wars, but it is worth a look.  
  Echochrome Review
,  Echochrome is a puzzle game available through the PlayStation Network where you toy with reality and attempt to navigate optical illusions that are reminiscent of the works of M. C. Escher. Your only influence on the environment takes place by manipulating the camera with the analog stick, which alters the layout of the level according to the current perspective. Regardless of whether you opt for the PlayStation 3 or the PSP version--each of which feature an exclusive set of 56 levels--there is nothing quite like echochrome, and its unique gameplay is well worth the experience.  
  Great War Nations: The Spartans Review
,  Micromanagement is the only memorable aspect of Great War Nations: The Spartans, and not because it's a good thing. This base-building real-time strategy game from developer World Force is a paint-by-numbers production in every way, except for the extra steps that give you greater control over the finer aspects of researching technologies and equipping troops. However, each of these amenities is of questionable value, and they're so finicky and out of place in such a simplistic game that you'll quickly grow tired of all the fussing around and long for traditional RTS production lines.  
  The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian Review
,  The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian is a light role-playing game for the Nintendo DS based on the movie of the same name. Though it employs interesting timing-based combat mechanics, its repetitive battles, short play time, bad graphics, and senseless item system combine to make a poorly paced experience that quickly goes from decent to dull. Due to its uneven difficulty and lackluster version of the Prince Caspian tale, this game cannot be recommended for children. Its repetitive nature and poor pacing will likely bore adults as well.    
  Echochrome Review
,  Echochrome is a puzzle game available through the PlayStation Network where you toy with reality and attempt to navigate optical illusions that are reminiscent of the works of M. C. Escher. Your only influence on the environment takes place by manipulating the camera with the analog stick, which alters the layout of the level according to the current perspective. Regardless of whether you opt for the PlayStation 3 or the PSP version--each of which feature an exclusive set of 56 levels--there is nothing quite like echochrome, and its unique gameplay is well worth the experience.  
  Defend Your Castle Review
,  Released in the first batch of new downloadable games available through WiiWare, Defend Your Castle is an interesting test case for Nintendo's new venture. It was originally released (and is still available) as a free, online flash game, and the WiiWare version is largely the same game despite a total aesthetic overhaul. The gameplay consists almost entirely of grabbing stick figures and flinging them to their doom to stop their mad rush toward your castle. The sound quickly becomes grating, and the constant wrist-flicking is tiresome, but the wacky presentation and frenetic multiplayer action can provide a good bit of fun in small doses. And Defend Your Castle is just that: a small dose of short-lived fun for the low price of 500 Wii points ($5). As test cases go, this one is a moderate success.   
  Star Soldier R Review
,  Star Soldier R is the first game on the WiiWare service that qualifies as an adrenaline-soaked addiction. You might assume that a top-down shooter with only two levels would get boring extremely fast--and it is possible to see everything this game has to offer in just five minutes and 10 seconds of playtime--but that supposition doesn't take into account the chronic need to get the highest scores your poor little thumbs can manage. Star Soldier R breaks down the experience into two- and five-minute morsels, making it extremely easy to justify one more attempt to top your own--or your friend's---best score. The variety one would expect in a traditional top-down shooter will be missed by anyone who doesn't identify as a point junkie, but the levels present are so well designed, and the controls so flawlessly smooth, that it's extremely easy to get sucked into a leaderboard score war with someone halfway around the world.  
  Penny Arcade Adventures: On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness Review
,  If the image of a fruit juicer having its way with a delectable-looking orange seems more offensive than funny, Penny Arcade Adventures: On the Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness may not be for you. This is not just some generic trash stamped with the Penny Arcade logo; this is the long-running webcomic seamlessly realized in video game form. From the sometimes poetic but mostly vulgar humor to the vibrant art style that somehow drips with both blood and goofy joy, the guys at Penny Arcade have entered the format that they have spent so many years lampooning, and have delivered something that could withstand even their wicked barbs. The chance of it converting detractors of their traditional work is about as likely as that burlap sack containing something other than hobos, but that's to be expected. The Penny Arcade guys made a game just for their fans, and it's really darn good.   
  Deca Sports Review
,  Like Wii Sports, Deca Sports is a collection of sports games with simple controls and equally straightforward presentation. Unlike Wii Sports, it's not free, some of the games control poorly, and only a few of them are really any fun when played with a group, much less alone. There's soccer, basketball, badminton, beach volleyball, motocross, archery, curling, snowboarding, figure skating, and kart racing. By trying to please everyone with variety, Hudson has come up with an eclectic mix of activities that don't fit well together and aren't much fun.   
  Samurai Warriors 2: Xtreme Legends Review
,  Koei's Samurai Warriors 2: Xtreme Legends is a standalone expansion for a game with very close ties to the company's Dynasty Warriors series. In fact, the two franchises are almost identical except for a change in scenery, with Koei abandoning ancient China in favor of bringing its outlandish characters and simplistic mechanics to feudal Japan. This expansion follows last year's release of Samurai Warriors 2: Empires, which added a welcome layer of strategy to the the series tired formula, but it lacks even Empire's depth. The real problem with the game is that it does almost nothing worthwhile that its predecessors haven't done before it.  
  Iron Man Review
,  Held captive in a cave by soldiers armed to the teeth with weapons of his own design, Tony Stark ponders his fate. Faced with the ugly truth about the world he has helped create, he resolves to turn his genius to other purposes. Stark constructs a high-tech suit of armor and becomes Iron Man, embarking on a quest to ferret out the evil fueled by his creations and salvage his shameful family legacy. Iron Man, a game recently released in conjunction with the feature film, parallels Tony Stark's plight. Born in the dark, dismal cave of movie-based video games, Iron Man tries to construct an armored suit of exciting third-person action that will capture the speed and power of being Iron Man. Unfortunately, it's all the game can do to muster a few low-altitude thrills over the course of this ho-hum adventure.  
  The Incredible Hulk Review
,  If there's one lesson to be learned from Sega's The Incredible Hulk movie-based game, it's that Hulk is a big bully. When tasked with containing a radioactive outbreak that could potentially eliminate all life within his city, he is just as likely to take a detour to destroy the Empire State Building or bat pedestrians into the Hudson River. It's far more enticing to see how many taxicabs you can blow up with one swing from a lamppost than to protect your pal Rick from a swarm of angry robots. The Incredible Hulk is at its best when you unleash the full destructive power of this terrifying giant to fulfill your own twisted desires. Ultimately, though, the repetition of mission structures, severe graphical glitches, and game-halting bugs wrestle this 1,000-pound monster to the ground. The sheer destructive joy of rampaging through New York is hard to ignore, but it's even harder to ignore the problems plaguing your every step.   
  The Chronicles of Narnia: Prince Caspian Review
,  Disney has done it again. For the second time now, the kid-friendly conglomerate has defied the odds and released a movie-licensed Chronicles of Narnia game that almost lives up to the source material, thanks largely to the talents of developer Traveller's Tales (best known for its Lego Star Wars and Indiana Jones games). This summer's Prince Caspian follows in the paw prints of 2006's The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe, giving C.S. Lewis aficionados a lunch-pail action adventure better than the kiddie dreck you were probably expecting. Lack of imagination, as well as a confusing narrative, still limit the game's appeal to fans of talking animals and awkward Christian allegory. But this is still a reasonable achievement for the historically underwhelming movie-game genre, which on occasion has been known to offer as much interactive excitement as other such cinematic souvenirs as Burger King toys.  
  Don King Presents: Prizefighter Review
,  Don King is one of the greatest, if not 
  Iron Man Review
,  Held captive in a cave by soldiers armed to the teeth with weapons of his own design, Tony Stark ponders his fate. Faced with the ugly truth about the world he has helped create, he resolves to turn his genius to other purposes. Stark constructs a high-tech suit of armor and becomes Iron Man, embarking on a quest to ferret out the evil fueled by his creations and salvage his shameful family legacy. Iron Man, a game recently released in conjunction with the feature film, parallels Tony Stark's plight. Born in the dark, dismal cave of movie-based video games, Iron Man tries to construct an armored suit of exciting third-person action that will capture the speed and power of being Iron Man. Unfortunately, it's all the game can do to muster a few low-altitude thrills over the course of this ho-hum adventure.  
  Roogoo Review
,  Ah, falling shapes. They're at the center of some of the best and most addictive games of all time. Roogoo offers up a fresh take on the concept that's extremely simple, but don't let that keep you away. While games don't get much more basic than Roogoo, it still provides a compulsively enjoyable and surprisingly challenging gameplay experience.    
  LostWinds Review
,  One of the launch titles for Nintendo's new WiiWare downloadable games service, LostWinds is overflowing with unrealized potential. This is one of the relatively few games on the Wii that make legitimate use of the Wii Remote, striving to take the puzzle platforming genre to places previously unseen. Dishearteningly, it falls short of the lofty heights it could have reached. The sometimes sloppy controls and occasional camera glitches are the first evidence that something is not quite right here, but it's the sleepy presentation and all-too-easy puzzles that ultimately doom LostWinds. Frontier Developments should be applauded for bringing something truly unique to the Wii, showing how motion controls can fundamentally change how a genre is played, but LostWinds just isn't a good enough game to make people take notice.  
  Iron Man Review
,  Held captive in a cave by soldiers armed to the teeth with weapons of his own design, Tony Stark ponders his fate. Faced with the ugly truth about the world he has helped create, he resolves to turn his genius to other purposes. Stark constructs a high-tech suit of armor and becomes Iron Man, embarking on a quest to ferret out the evil fueled by his creations and salvage his shameful family legacy. Iron Man, a game recently released in conjunction with the feature film, parallels Tony Stark's plight. Born in the dark, dismal cave of movie-based video games, Iron Man tries to construct an armored suit of exciting third-person action that will capture the speed and power of being Iron Man. Unfortunately, it's all the game can do to muster a few low-altitude thrills over the course of this ho-hum adventure.  
  Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: My Life as a King Review
,  As the boy-king of a burgeoning young kingdom, you've got your hands full. Your beloved papa is missing and presumed dead, the cackling dark lord is on the loose, and a penguin keeps following you around while tossing barbed insults in your general direction. There is an upside, though. For one, you can use a magic power called Architek to summon buildings (and their residents) onto your town's empty lots, which helps increase your sparse population. For another, you don't need to personally bother with the local monster population; instead, you just hire adventurers to do the dirty deeds for you. This sounds like a solid setup for Square Enix's sunny strategy romp, Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: My Life as a King. But while its title might be imposing, the gameplay is shallow, repetitive, and fundamentally unbalanced. Furthermore, if you want to get the most out of this $15 WiiWare download, you need to spend even more money. Want a new outfit for the king? It'll cost you $1. Want a new house to supplement the paltry selection of abodes included with the standard download? It's another $3. Getting the most out of this thin game requires spending twice the asking amount, and that's a bona fide rip-off.   
  World Heroes Anthology Review
,  Back in 1991, Capcom released its 2D fighting opus Street Fighter II, and in the years that followed a number of competitors brought their own fighting games to market. SNK was by far the most prolific rival, and while some of its games, such as Art of Fighting, innovated upon the formula they were inspired by, developer ADK created World Heroes for the Neo-Geo, a series that was content with completely ripping off from it. Nearly 16 years after the original hit the arcades, all four World Heroes games have been released in a single compilation title, but despite their flawless porting, this series is best forgotten by all but the most hardcore of fans and collectors.  
  Assault Heroes 2 Review
,  Assault Heroes 2 follows the stereotypical path of the sequel to a tee. The additions read like a veritable checklist of expected upgrades--bigger levels, new vehicles, and different weapons--without implementing any drastic changes that would mess with the tried-and-true game design of the first. Not that this is necessarily a bad thing. While people sick of the seemingly endless stream of dual-stick shooters on Xbox Live Arcade still won't find anything here to change their minds, fans of the genre will be happy that developer Wanako Studios improved every aspect of the first game without sacrificing the hardcore appeal. Despite the lack of innovation, this is one of the best shooters on the service, an eminently enjoyable old-school romp.   
  Brain Voyage Review
,  The Nintendo DS doesn't need any more below-average collections of brain-training minigames. By extension, that means the Nintendo DS doesn't need Brain Voyage. It's yet another substandard compilation of logic puzzles that fails to do anything new or interesting.  
  Sherlock Holmes: Nemesis Review
,  Sherlock Holmes: Nemesis almost certainly isn't the game you expect, especially if you're hoping for a battle of wits between Holmes and archenemy Professor Moriarty. Standing in for Moriarty with the master detective is Arsene Lupin, a French thief who starred in a series of popular novels written by Maurice Leblanc in the late 19th century. Lupin remains a hugely popular literary figure in France, but this combo of characters lacks the punch of the Holmes-Moriarty showdown that the title suggests. Where we could have had a titanic battle of wits, we instead get a somewhat going-through-the-motions story where Holmes plays Batman to Lupin's Riddler, as well as puzzles that are too grueling to solve without immense reserves of patience and access to an online walkthrough.  
  Mana Khemia: Alchemists of Al-Revis Review
,  Who hasn't looked at a piece of steak, a tangerine, a cup of flour, and some scrap metal and wondered how awesome it would be if you could create a powerful sword out of them? OK, so it may not be the first thing that comes to mind, but for those who wish that they could turn regular rocks into glistening gold, Mana Khemia may be the ticket to living out their greatest fantasies. Developer Gust has built a reputation on role-playing games heavy on the synthesis of items, and that mechanic has featured prominently in its Atelier Iris series. This time, item synthesis takes an even greater role, completely replacing the standard leveling of most RPGs. It takes a while to hit its stride, but once it does, Mana Khemia is a fun and involving experience that makes up for its lack of depth and beauty with a cauldron bubbling with witty charm and addictive questing.   
  Barnyard Blast: Swine of the Night Review
,  If you saw Barnyard Blast: Swine of the Night sitting on a store shelf, you'd probably assume it was kid-oriented shovelware, what with its faux-cheeky title and uber-cute cartoony box art. You'd be wrong, though. This side-scrolling action game isn't all that great, but it's a passable throwback to the 8- and 16-bit eras, when Mega Man and the Belmont family headed the baddie-shooting brigade. And despite its brightly-colored, family-friendly exterior, Barnyard Blast is meant for nostalgic, quick-thumbed old-timers ready to embrace its fiendish difficulty and clever video game references. Nevertheless, it's more likely to inspire you to dust off your older consoles and take Ghosts 'n Goblins for a spin than it is to keep you entertained on its own terms.  
  Emergency Mayhem Review
,  Emergency Mayhem proves the age-old theory that if you can't think of a good name for your town, you shouldn't name it Crisis City. That's just asking for trouble. The problems facing this bustling metropolis go far beyond an inadvisable name, though. Even the raging garbage fires on every corner and an epidemic of nails lodged in the intestines of careless citizens aren't the biggest issues here. Technology is the true enemy of Crisis City. The visuals wouldn't have looked out of place on the Nintendo 64 (sans Expansion Pak), and the motion controls vary between overly sensitive and completely unresponsive. These issues make the crimes and health risks cropping up all over town seem like little more than stubbed toes.   
  Wits & Wagers Review
,  Based on Northstar Games' board game of the same name, Wits & Wagers is a trivia game that you can win without ever answering a question correctly. That's because betting on answers given by other players is often more lucrative than giving a correct answer yourself, assuming you bet on the right ones. The Xbox Live Arcade version of Wits & Wagers does a reasonable job of bringing the popular party game online, but some odd design choices, a couple of irritating bugs, and a dearth of questions ultimately make it difficult to recommend.  
  Battlezone Review
,  The original Battlezone was released as an arcade game in 1980. The game wasn't good, but it was memorable because its wireframe vector graphics gave the illusion of a 3D environment. Now it's back with a new coat of paint courtesy of Xbox Live Arcade, and it's still not any good.   
  Turok Review
,  It's impressive how far slitting a dinosaur's neck can go toward saving an otherwise mediocre game from becoming immediate bargain-bin fodder. Without the lumbering lizards, Turok's middling artificial intelligence, spotty difficulty, and average production values would make it a merely functional first-person shooter, and the shoddiness with which it's been ported to the PC would be a mark of shame on any developer's record. Yet shooting and stabbing dinos is amusing enough to keep Turok from sinking into the abyss of mediocrity--but just barely.  
  Boom Blox Review
,  In July of 2007, EA announced that it would be collaborating with Oscar-winner Steven Spielberg to create video games. The famed director said, "I really wanted to create a video game that I could play with my kids." The first game to be born from this partnership, Boom Blox, succeeds in that endeavor. The single-player mode can get tedious and a few of the play styles would have been best left on the cutting-room floor, but Boom Blox is an enjoyable puzzler whose flaws are least apparent when played with friends or family.   
  Target: Terror Review
,  Upon boot-up, Target: Terror appears to be a well-aged relic from the early '90s. Don't let the visual clues fool you, though. Despite an endless brigade of terrorists donning skintight leather pants and digitized graphics a notch below those of Lethal Enforcers, Target: Terror is actually from this century. The arcade version was released in 2004, and the home port is a brand-new, nearly full-priced Wii game. Though Target: Terror starts out firmly in so-bad-it's-good territory, some debilitating control issues combined with extremely straightforward level design make the task of exterminating terrorists more excruciating than it should be.  
  WWII Aces Review
,  One of the benefits of the Wii's unique design is the potential for innovative control schemes to introduce new ways of playing games that belong to traditional genres. Unfortunately, for every inventive Wii game, there are a number of shoddy, halfhearted efforts to shoehorn motion controls into a game that doesn’t benefit from them. WWII Aces is a flight combat game that loses any appeal it may otherwise have had by forcing unresponsive motion controls onto an already maddeningly difficult game.  
  Lost Cities Review
,  If you don't want to surrender every waking moment to a game, do yourself a favor and avoid anything crafted by Reiner Knizia. Board and card games designed by the British-based mathematician are legendary for their simple yet addictive nature. For proof, check out Lost Cities, a two-to-four-player card game that has arrived on Xbox Live in all its compulsive, just-one-more-game glory.  
  Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War: Soulstorm Review
,  Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War: Soulstorm, the third and presumably final addition to the four-year-old real-time strategy franchise based on Games Workshop's billion-dollar tabletop-game system steals its best moments from 2006's fantastic Dark Crusade expansion. Consequently, this stand-alone add-on has a been-there, done-that vibe. Only the presence of tried-and-true action-packed gameplay, along with the introduction of two new factions and an expanded nonlinear campaign, elevates the proceedings above a feel-good exercise in recycling, and these elements are so similar to those introduced in Dark Crusade that you're guaranteed to have a couple of flashes of deja vu.  
  Overclocked: A History of Violence Review
,  If you're looking to chase the blues away, don't go anywhere near Overclocked. This point-and-click adventure from developer House of Tales is a certifiable downer in every possible way. It's set in a rainy, windswept New York City being deluged by the storm of the century. The protagonist is a forensic shrink looking into cases of contagious psychosis. That is, when he's not dealing with divorcing his wife. Much of the game takes place in a dungeon of an asylum that should have been closed down in the 1890s. And just about everybody you run into displays the famous New York hospitality that makes the city beloved across the nation.  
  Team Fortress 2 - Launch Review
,As one of the first shooters to pioneer team- and class-based gameplay, the first Team Fortress quickly became a favorite among the online community, inspiring devotion and spawning innumerable user-created modifications that many still play today. Team Fortress 2 was announced almost a decade ago as a sequel to the original mod, and went through many transformations and design iterations before its release last October as part of The Orange Box. At heart, TF2 remains true to its roots, pitting two teams against each other in objective-based competition. Players on both teams select one of nine character classes, each with their own unique abilities, strengths, and weaknesses. TF2's cartoon aesthetic and stripped-down classes belie its complexity, and the dynamic interplay of abilities and strategies is nuanced, hectic, and challenging. The result is a fantastic multiplayer experience that proves itself a worthy successor to its seminal ancestor.
  Seven Kingdoms: Conquest Review
,  The resurrection of an old game franchise is never without pitfalls, and Seven Kingdoms: Conquest seems to plummet into just about every one of them. Enlight Software's latest has nothing to do with the historical-strategy epic that turned a lot of heads back in 1997, and has moved from a complex empire builder to a simplistic, fantasy-oriented real-time strategy game that pits humans against demons. Beyond that, the game is clearly unfinished and has a tremendous number of serious bugs, few strategic choices during gameplay, and campaign missions that amount to nothing more than skirmishes by different names.  
  Viking: Battle for Asgard Review
,  Learning about the adventures and deeds of Vikings, such as Erik the Red or Leif Eriksson, was always the highlight of any world history class in school. After all, these were true stories about men who explored the unknown, conquered new lands, and often killed mercilessly. With such strong material to draw from, it would seem that a fictional game based on Viking lore would be a sure thing, but Viking: Battle for Asgard completely fails to capture what makes Vikings--or even games for that matter--interesting. Those who enjoy mindless killing might find something to like here, but everyone else will find Battle for Asgard monotonous and dull.  
  Worms: A Space Oddity Review
,  It's hard to believe that the Worms series began well over a decade ago, but its popularity has seen the games appear across most of the major gaming platforms since. Worms: A Space Oddity brings most of the fun of worm-battling to the Nintendo Wii, marrying Worms' traditional 2D gameplay to a particularly clever control system.  
  Brain Assist Review
,  Brain Assist is a bad title for a brain training game. For one thing, it's grammatically incorrect. For another, it's dull. Smart Thinks! Now, that's a fun title. But Brain Assist is no fun at all, and not just in name. To its credit, the game never claims to help you with grammar. Instead, it offers to enhance your "raight brain." You've probably never heard of this part of your body, but it evidently governs "artistic, intuition, strategic, and imagination." Apparently, through Brain Assist, your "raight" brain will become bigger, and you will get better at "artistics." And broken English.   
  Opoona Review
,  The titular character of Opoona is a feisty sort. He reads fortunes, goes fishing, and delivers room-service orders, all at the behest of a bureaucratic planetary government that apparently doesn't heed universal child-labor standards. Yet the portly, round-headed tot keeps a smile on his face the entire time (well, except when he runs). This cheerfulness trickles into every aspect of Opoona, from its clean, vibrant visual design to some wacky, badly translated dialogue that proclaims things such as "You've won acceptably." And that's a very good thing, because though Opoona himself may approach the endlessly mundane tasks with gentle good humor, you won't be inclined to tackle the constant red tape with the same enthusiasm. Without its colorful charm, this role-playing game's aimless wandering, shallow story, and other minor annoyances would be hard to forgive. Yet like that spoonful of sugar that helps the medicine go down, the game's adorable presentation makes it easier to stomach the bitter shortcomings.   
  Universe at War: Earth Assault Review
,  Universe at War absolutely bursts with interesting units and neat twists on genre standbys. It's hard to not appreciate a real-time strategy game that lets you outfit hulking robotic walkers the way you want and send them into battle. Yet despite its awesome mechanical arachnids, the game gets in its own way by failing to fix some obvious problems present in the PC version, as well as adding a major one of its own: namely, a frame rate that dips frequently into the single digits. In a genre that relies on quick thinking and smooth command of the battlefield, it's an inexcusable issue. Throw in some smaller bugs, and you have an entertaining game that squandered its own enormous potential with terrible quality assurance.  
  Viking: Battle for Asgard Review
,  Learning about the adventures and deeds of Vikings, such as Erik the Red or Leif Eriksson, was always the highlight of any world history class in school. After all, these were true stories about men who explored the unknown, conquered new lands, and often killed mercilessly. With such strong material to draw from, it would seem that a fictional game based on Viking lore would be a sure thing, but Viking: Battle for Asgard completely fails to capture what makes Vikings--or even games for that matter--interesting. Those who enjoy mindless killing might find something to like here, but everyone else will find Battle for Asgard monotonous and dull.  
  Mystery Dungeon: Shiren the Wanderer Review
,  Greek myths tell of a character named Sisyphus, forever doomed to roll a boulder up a hill, only to have it inevitably get away from him and hit rock bottom again. Sega's Mystery Dungeon: Shiren the Wanderer might just give you some insight into poor Sisyphus' plight. This Nintendo DS role-playing game--an enhanced version of an old Super Famicom game--tasks you with trudging through 30 dungeon floors, collecting a plethora of items, managing your paltry inventory space, and surviving turn-based encounters with relentless monsters. You do this all while knowing that death will send you to back to the start of the game, stripped of all your progress. If you're something of a masochist, then this might not be a bad game for you.  
  Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 Review
,  UK REVIEW--Last year's Pro Evolution Soccer made a poor first showing on the DS, with the simplistic gameplay failing to provide any depth at all. While the 2008 edition plays a slightly better game of football than its predecessor, the rest of the package feels like a mishmash of ideas that once again struggles to capture the essence of the series. The game does offer online multiplayer support and a number of cups and competitions, but the poor team roster, the lackluster graphics, and the average gameplay mean that they fail to be much fun.  
  House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return Review
,  The House of the Dead games are gleefully fun on-rails shooters that drop you knee-deep in the undead with a loaded weapon and encourage you to aim for the head. The series places a great deal of emphasis on throwing unconventional monsters at you--such as zombie mermen, zombie frogs, zombie bats, zombie plants, and zombie ninjas--while dazzling your intellect with so-bad-it's-good voice acting and a ridiculous story pretentiously in love with the Major Arcana of the Tarot deck. Although Sega has finally managed to perfect IR shooting on the Wii with this bundle of two of the series' games, House of the Dead 2 & 3 Return is ultimately a short, simple port of aging games that suffers from an inconsistent frame rate and isn't quite worth the asking price.  
  TiQal Review
,  Tetris, back when it first dropped, was an instant success. The uncomplicated block-clearing mechanic was fun and addictive. Recently, SlapDash Games dropped a puzzle game of its own: TiQal. The game effectively builds upon the simple yet enjoyable designs of other games from the puzzle genre while taking you on an adventure as an Aztec commoner searching for solutions to his tribe's problems.  
  Ratchet & Clank: Size Matters Review
,  Ratchet & Clank: Size Matters for the PlayStation 2 is a port of the same game that appeared on the PlayStation Portable early in 2007. And though that game was notable for being the first outing for the Lombax-robot duo on the handheld system, this is the fifth time the series has popped up on the PS2. Unfortunately, a woeful camera, poor presentation, and a relatively short runtime all relegate this latest Ratchet & Clank to the bottom of the series pile, which is an unfortunate way to close out the pair's adventures on the aging PS2.  
  SunAge Review
,  Al Gore's darkest dreams have nothing on SunAge. This real-time strategy game from Vienna-based Vertex4 takes place in a future when Earth has been turned into a crispy fritter by a combination of global warming and centuries of war. But this forward-looking setting is hampered by the presence of dozens of crippling bugs and screwups, such as no multiplayer support on launch despite promises to the contrary. Add in a backward design that was last in vogue when people were still freaking out about what Y2K was going to do to airplanes, and you've got an RTS that couldn't be more offensive if it came to your house and kicked your dog.  
  Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 Review
,  UK REVIEW--Pro Evolution Soccer makes its third annual appearance on the PlayStation Portable with PES 2008. Konami's football game has long been a favourite with fans of the sport, combining deep and rewarding gameplay with the addictive Master League and wireless multiplayer modes. Although this is all present and correct in this updated version, the game also suffers from issues that have long plagued the series, and it ultimately does little to warrant the upgrade.  
  Naruto: Ultimate Ninja 3 Review
,  Like its plucky eponymous hero, Ultimate Ninja 3 gets by on sheer charm. Unlike the boy ninja, its ninjutsu is weaker than watered-down ramen. No, it isn't much of a fighting game. But it's so faithful to its source material, it should nevertheless provide hours of good entertainment to fans of the series. It has two short single-player modes, pitch-perfect writing, flawless voice acting, spit-shined graphics, and a surprisingly entertaining dating system. All of this is stuffed with the usual long list of unlockable characters, item collection, several terrible minigames, and of course, the wimpy combat. If you're looking for a good fighter, look elsewhere. But if you're looking for an interactive and sweet-tempered trip to Hidden Leaf Village, this is the game for you.   
  Nanostray 2 Review
,  Hundreds of enemies. Thousands of projectiles. Millions of points at stake. Billions of ways to die. Nanostray 2, in classic shoot-'em-up tradition, pits these mind-bending numbers against the power of one in a relentless challenge that demands precision, rewards determination, and castigates error. Yet despite the daunting challenges it poses, Nanostray 2 does not require seasoned twitch reflexes for admission. This accessibility, along with its competent execution and attractive visuals, makes Nanostray 2 a draw for genre veterans and neophytes alike.   
  Wild ARMs XF Review
,  Wild ARMs XF is the latest title to join the PSP's growing list of strategy role-playing games. It's also the first Wild ARMs to go entirely down the tactical route, with developer Media Vision successfully maintaining the franchise's Wild West theme. While it features some interesting concepts that will appeal to die-hard fans of the genre, the execution is often cumbersome and tedious.  
  Dark Sector Review
,  It was almost four years ago that Digital Extremes announced it was working on Dark Sector, a third-person action game now available for both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Better action games have come and gone since then, regardless of which console you own, but the good news is that those same games have left their mark on Dark Sector, which borrows liberally from Gears of War and is at times reminscent of Uncharted: Drake's Fortune. Dark Sector's story isn't nearly as interesting or told nearly as well as that of either of the aforementioned games, but if you step into the boots of elite black-ops agent Hayden Tenno solely for satisfying combat, then you won't be disappointed.  
  Command and Destroy Review
,  Some might argue that real-time strategy games are not conducive to portable gaming, which is a fair argument given the genre's time-consuming gameplay. Thanks to advances such as quick saves and more action-oriented pacing, though, handheld RTS games have become a viable proposition. It's unfortunate, then, that Command and Destroy features none of the advances that are now considerer standard. This game might have held its own in 1995, but it's downright crusty in 2008.  
  Dynasty Warriors 6 Review
,  Dynasty Warriors 6 is the first game in Koei's long-running hack-and-slash series to be built specifically for current-generation consoles, and as such it benefits in one major area: It looks pretty. Other than that, this is Dynasty Warriors as it has been since its inception: a huge, sprawling, button-mashing affair set in ancient China, complete with the series' requisite cheesy cutscenes, dozens of playable characters, bad dialogue, and mostly incomprehensible storyline. Of course, there are new gameplay additions in Dynasty Warriors 6, but they're tweaks rather than overhauls and will be more exciting to long-term fans than casual players of the series.  
  Dark Sector Review
,  It was almost four years ago that Digital Extremes announced it was working on Dark Sector, a third-person action game now available for both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. Better action games have come and gone since then, regardless of which console you own, but the good news is that those same games have left their mark on Dark Sector, which borrows liberally from Gears of War and is at times reminscent of Uncharted: Drake's Fortune. Dark Sector's story isn't nearly as interesting or told nearly as well as that of either of the aforementioned games, but if you step into the boots of elite black-ops agent Hayden Tenno solely for satisfying combat, then you won't be disappointed.  
  Ghost in the Sheet Review
,  Rotting in the ground might be a better way to spend the afterlife than the alternative proposed in Ghost in the Sheet. This point-and-click adventure from Czech developer Cardboard Box Entertainment assumes that cheap Halloween costumes got it right, as you spend eternity as a spook dressed up in a white sheet. Challenging puzzles, a quirky sense of humor, and an atmosphere that veers between cheese and chills make this one of the more intriguing cut-rate adventures to fly coach out of Europe in the past couple of years.  
  Cleopatra: Riddle of the Tomb Review
,  "Ancient" describes both the setting and the gameplay of Cleopatra: Riddle of the Tomb. This adventure from French developer Kheops Studio (previously released in Europe as Cleopatra: A Queen's Destiny) never strays from point-and-click conventions, spinning a predictable yarn where you collect random pieces of junk and work out traditional puzzles involving code wheels and the like. However, an ancient Egyptian setting that feels like more than just window dressing, along with enigmas authentic to the era, make the game more playable than it would normally be in this day and age.  
  Baroque Review
,  Baroque is a hardcore dungeon crawler with a long history of US neglect. Originally released on the Sega Saturn in Japan roughly 10 years ago, it was remade on the PlayStation a year later, but neither version received a stateside release; it wasn't until it was remade yet again for the PlayStation 2 and Wii that it was finally brought over. Despite its apparent age, Baroque is a welcome breath of fresh air in a genre that has grown stagnant, and it brings a unique method of storytelling that, though flawed, will likely remain with you long after you have quit playing. That is, if you can find the patience to stick with it long enough.  
  Sega Bass Fishing Review
,  In the late 1990s, US arcades were exploding with wacky arcade games in an attempt to draw back the crowds of years past. Sega Bass Fishing, with its big screen and clunky fishing controller, was right at home next to the skateboarding simulations and safari driving games. Like the Dreamcast port before it, the new Wii version brings all the flashy silliness of the old arcade to your living room. Sadly, despite a small sprinkling of extras, the core game remains largely untouched. If you played the arcade version or the Dreamcast port, then you've already played this game.   
  Okami Review
,  There's a blissful moment in the first hour of Okami, one that is repeated several times throughout the game's epic tale: Tasked with restoring an afflicted sapling to its former beauty, you bring it to life with a swirl of your virtual paintbrush. The sapling bursts with light, a melody of soft pink flowers blooms on its young branches, and lush green meadows breathlessly sweep away the cursed countryside, returning vitality to the diseased landscape. It's a moment that stays with you, and it represents the sheer joy of playing Okami. Few games exude such grace and visual prowess, though you shouldn't assume that its beauty is superficial. Here is a case where stunning graphics, charming characters, and a dreamy, mythical adventure are united into a cohesive, powerful title that simply must be played. If for some reason you didn't catch it in 2006 on the PlayStation 2, you should do so now, posthaste.   
  Sudden Strike 3: Arms for Victory Review
,  For a game franchise nudging the two million mark in total sales, Sudden Strike doesn't get a whole lot of respect. But the latest addition to the family might just turn things around, thanks to new epic-scale battles and an intensity unmatched by its predecessors. Sudden Strike 3: Arms for Victory remains a long way from tactically minded World War II real-time strategy perfection, and it needs some serious battlefield refinements before entering the big leagues, but this is still the best game in the history of the series.  
  Audiosurf Review
,  You'd never know it by the millions of copies that Guitar Hero sells on an annual basis, but just a few years ago rhythm and music games such as Frequency, Amplitude, and Vib Ribbon were part of a fledgling genre that garnered plenty of critical attention but failed to sell very well. Audiosurf, which at the time of this review is available only as a downloadable title via Steam for $9.95, is a game that harks back to those days. You don't so much 
  M&M's Kart Racing Review
,  When Mario Kart DS was released toward the end of 2005, it set the standard for racing games on Nintendo's newest handheld extremely high. Now, with the arrival of M&M's Kart Racing, there's a new benchmark against which to compare would-be competitors, though at the other end of the scale. This candy-inspired kart racer does almost nothing right as you negotiate its 11 uninspired courses, and it doesn't even 
  Zoo Tycoon 2 DS Review
,  Zoo Tycoon 2 for the Nintendo DS is a management sim that lacks the depth or difficulty to make it interesting for anyone other than its intended kiddie audience. But even so, parents looking at this title as a way to get their little tykes interested in the plight of some of the world's most endangered animal species may want to think again, as Zoo Tycoon 2 sends some decidedly mixed messages about animal welfare thanks to its ultrasimplistic gameplay.   
  Puzzle Guzzle Review
,  Puzzle Guzzle definitely drinks some other games' milk shakes. Blocks fall from the top of the screen, you organize them into clusters to make them go away, and when they do, they'll cue other, nastier blocks to fall on your opponent's rising wall. And yet, Puzzle Guzzle is definitely a game you haven't played before. Its blocks actually contain triangles, parallelograms, and other shapes you can rotate into all manner of combinations great and small, and there's a neat white line that helps you identify big shape opportunities. Even though it doesn't reinvent the genre, Puzzle Guzzle is not just another brick in the wall.  
  Obscure: The Aftermath Review
,  In Obscure: The Aftermath, young college students take on demonic monsters while their friends and fraternity fellows get ripped into bloody shreds. Most reasonable people would react with shock or fear, yet this horror adventure game's characters are more interested in clinging to outdated stereotypes. Corey Wilde, for example, isn't concerned about the giant ogres bursting with bulbous tumors that have infiltrated Fallcreek University. Rather, his beloved car's been totaled, and someone must pay. And so it goes with Corey and his chums, who approach the campus's mutant infestation with the same degree of intensity that they would a study session.   
  Hot Shots Golf: Out of Bounds Review
,  Ever since its first appearance on the original PlayStation, Hot Shots Golf has been a model of consistency. Big-headed cartoony golfers, realistic courses, fast-paced gameplay, and simple controls--you know what you're getting when you buy a Hot Shots Golf game. That's the good news...and the bad news? Outside of a new swing mechanic and some enjoyable online play, there's little else new in Hot Shots Golf: Out of Bounds. Even so, it's still a fun game that's worth a look if you're a fan of the series or arcade-style golf.  
  Spitfire Heroes: Tales of the Royal Air Force Review
,  Spitfire Heroes: Tales of the Royal Air Force is a 3D air-combat game based on a series of books by the same name. As a lone fighter pilot, you engage in a series of offensive and defensive missions to single-handedly protect Europe from German advances during World War II. The game simulates air combat with some success, but shoddy production values ultimately prevent Spitfire Heroes from standing out among other mediocre combat games on the DS.  
  Silent Hill: Origins Review
,  When you think of Silent Hill, what jumps to mind? A misty town? Cryptic dialogue? Walls dripping with blood? Well, the good news is that Silent Hill: Origins has all those things, and now Konami has lifted the foggy veil on the PlayStation 2 version of last year's PSP iteration. That alone should please series fans who are looking to developer Climax's prequel to provide plenty of atmosphere and further expand on the Silent Hill mythos. But in this case, the good news is also the bad news because from a gameplay perspective, Origins is exactly what you would expect. It delivers a conventional adventure that relies on eight-year-old franchise hallmarks at the expense of anything truly new.   
  Mr. Driller Online Review
,  Namco Bandai's Xbox Live Arcade games are lauded for two things: classic arcade gameplay and easy achievements. Mr. Driller Online departs from both of these traditions by breaking the storied gameplay and making the achievements more difficult to unlock. The single-player experience is shallow and the online is unplayable. It all begs the question: "How can you call it Mr. Driller Online without the online?"   
  Warriors Orochi Review
,  If the Dynasty Warriors franchise is to be commended for anything, it should be for its utter unwillingness to evolve--it has absolutely perfected the art of remaining static in a landscape of constant flux. Warriors Orochi continues this long and dubious practice by melding the worlds of Dynasty Warriors with its Japanese offshoot Samurai Warriors, and the result is a game that the faithful it caters to time and time again will surely enjoy immensely. If, on the other hand, you do not enjoy brainless button mashing, laughably one-dimensional gameplay, and a severely aged combat system, you're better off running for the hills.  
  Rainbow Six Vegas 2 Review
,  The Rainbow Six team is the embodiment of Teddy Roosevelt's call to "Speak softly and carry a big stick." They're certainly discreet, and with their terrifying arsenal, they hit hard enough to make a baseball bat wince. But Teddy didn't say anything about carrying a monster rig, and unfortunately, that's exactly what you'll need to get the pop you'd expect from Ubisoft's Rainbow Six Vegas 2 for the PC. And even then, the PC version of this great tactical shooter doesn't quite measure up to the performances found on the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions. The AI seems even less capable than before, and the textures break, as does the frame rate whenever there's heavy action onscreen. The game is certainly playable, and can still be a lot of fun despite these shortcomings; it's even possible that gamers with the right rig won't experience any of these hitches. But on both of our test machines, which easily exceeded the recommended system requirements, Rainbow Six Vegas 2 ran with a limp even with many of its graphical bells and whistles set to low or off.   
  XIII Century: Death or Glory Review
,  Calling XIII Century: Death or Glory a poor man's take on the Total War series may seem like a condemnation of this tactical RTS with mere faint praise. But even though this compendium of great medieval battles might not be as all-encompassing as its big brothers from Creative Assembly, first-time developer Unicorn Games Studios has put together a challenging historical warfare simulation with outstanding depth. It feels a little stripped down when it comes to frills and extra gameplay options, although the game has it where it counts if all you're interested in is pitting your mettle and might against enemy generals on the battlefield.  
  Lost in Blue 3 Review
,  Lost in Blue 3 is the third in Konami's survival adventure series and maintains the franchise's traditional premise, casting you as either a male or female character stranded on an island after the mysterious sinking of a cruise ship. After you've washed ashore and regained a few memories you'll run into your partner, another miraculous survivor, at which point you must keep each other alive until you're rescued or manage to escape. For perhaps the series' sole plot twist, the game includes two additional characters you'll run into as the storyline progresses, and all three partners offer their own unique services that'll aid you in discovering a way off this tropical deathtrap.   
  Portal Review
,  When Portal was originally released as part of The Orange Box in October of last year, its uniquely puzzling gameplay and dark, sharp-witted humor thrilled consumers and critics alike. Set in a mysterious scientific facility, Portal introduced players to new ways of moving through the gameworld that challenged their perspective and flexed their spatial awareness. The pitch-perfect voice-over soon became stuff of Internet legend, and the song that played during the end credits was so popular that it has since been released as a downloadable track for Rock Band. The only real complaint that surfaced was that the game ended too quickly. Recently released as a stand-alone retail product, Portal remains a unique gem of a game that packs a huge amount of appeal into a small package.  
  Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Darkness Review
,  The Mystery Dungeon series from Chunsoft has been catering to fans of two-dimensional role-playing games for years. The games offer random dungeons, plenty of items to collect (though rarely enough space to carry them), clumsy turn-based combat, and a degree of challenge that often forces you to retry the same levels over and over again before you're successful. With Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Darkness and Explorers of Time, the Nintendo DS is getting two versions of its second Mystery Dungeon entry this year. Although these offerings take steps to make the dungeon-hack trappings more accessible than last month's Mystery Dungeon: Shiren the Wanderer, they still feel monotonous and are too similar to 2006's Pokemon Mystery Dungeon games to warrant much attention.  
  Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Time Review
,  The Mystery Dungeon series from Chunsoft has been catering to fans of two-dimensional role-playing games for years. The games offer random dungeons, plenty of items to collect (though rarely enough space to carry them), clumsy turn-based combat, and a degree of challenge that often forces you to retry the same levels over and over again before you're successful. With Pokemon Mystery Dungeon: Explorers of Darkness and Explorers of Time, the Nintendo DS is getting two versions of its second Mystery Dungeon entry this year. Although these offerings take steps to make the dungeon-hack trappings more accessible than last month's Mystery Dungeon: Shiren the Wanderer, they still feel monotonous and are too similar to 2006's Pokemon Mystery Dungeon games to warrant much attention.  
  Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3 FES Review
,  Memento Mori. That Latin phrase can be translated a few different ways, but the best version goes thusly: Remember that you are mortal. Those ancient words cross the screen during Persona 3: FES's introduction cinematic, and they set a properly mature tone for the deep and engaging role-playing that the game offers. FES is an expanded edition of last year's intense Persona 3, complete with a long new episode, dozens of new quests, and an impressive amount of other new content. However, this isn't just your standard collectors-edition fare. The extras in FES expand and deepen the core game, and the new episode, though disappointing, adds a good 30 hours of gameplay to an already-lengthy experience. This is the best way to play last year's finest RPG, and if the original release's short supply is any indication, you should grab a copy quickly before the game disappears from store shelves entirely.  
  Battle of the Bands Review
,  If you've ever spent time forwarding goofy things you found on the Internet to your friends, you probably remember the bluegrass version of Snoop Dogg's "Gin and Juice" that was a staple of the file-sharing community in the late '90s. Hearing The Gourds warble about the life of a West Coast gangsta was immensely entertaining--and the song wasn't half bad, either. Planet Moon Studio, which may have been influenced by that song, took the concept of different styles of bands performing the same song and turned it into the game Battle of the Bands. Unfortunately, the great ideas stopped with the music because the gameplay isn't particularly good. As a result, you'll probably enjoy hearing the game's crazy versions of popular songs more than you will enjoy playing the game itself.  
  NBA Ballers: Chosen One Review
,  EA and Midway share the rights to NBA-licensed arcade basketball games. As a result, the NBA Ballers franchise is released every other year, with EA's NBA Street series occupying the year in between. This year is NBA Ballers' time to shine and that didn't happen, which means it's a down year for arcade hoops. NBA Ballers: Chosen One has some interesting ideas, particularly with regards to its presentation, but it's ultimately a disappointment thanks to repetitive gameplay and needlessly complex controls.  
  Teenage Zombies: Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingys Review
,  In a sane world, teenage zombies wouldn't be very intimidating. They'd spend most of their daylight hours sulking in their graves, venturing forth only at night to hang around the 7-Eleven parking lot with the hope of roping older zombies into acquiring brains for them. But in a world at the mercy of invading legions of alien brain thingys, the pubescent undead become a force to be reckoned with. The voracious appetites that in life drove them to consume mass quantities of Cheez-Its and orange soda now compel them to seek out and devour as many delectable squishy brainmeats as they can. Teenage Zombies: Invasion of the Alien Brain Thingys chronicles the platforming adventures of three teenage zombies in such a world, each armed with unique powers that must be used in tandem to progress through levels. It's a cute, clever, competent game that is regrettably short-lived and not very challenging to boot.   
  Octomania Review
,  Octomania is a straightforward puzzler with a presentation that should seem instantly familiar to Puyo Puyo fans, featuring similar cutesy anime-style graphics, character-specific attacks, and somewhat humorous--though shallow--storylines. But unlike your average block buster, this game has you combining octopuses on a grill. It's not as tasty as it sounds, however, because Octomania dwells entirely in the shallows, and doesn't feature enough modes to keep you playing for long. Unlike it's squishy mascot, this game lacks legs.  
  The World Ends With You Review
,  It's pleasing to see that Square Enix--despite having the Final Fantasy, Dragon Quest, and Kingdom Hearts megafranchises in its lineup--is still willing to go boldly into new frontiers with the release of original games like The World Ends With You. This role-playing game eschews the company's tried-and-true swords-and-sorcery settings and instead transports the action to modern-day Tokyo. Although there's nary a chocobo or keyblade to be found here, The World Ends With You still incorporates some of the company's best-known trademarks and wraps plenty of innovative new gameplay around them, particularly an initially mind-bending dual-screen combat system. The result is a game that manages to feel familiar and yet strikingly new at the same time, and one that deserves to be ranked alongside Square Enix's best works.  
  NBA Ballers: Chosen One Review
,  EA and Midway share the rights to NBA-licensed arcade basketball games. As a result, the NBA Ballers franchise is released every other year, with EA's NBA Street series occupying the year in between. This year is NBA Ballers' time to shine and that didn't happen, which means it's a down year for arcade hoops. NBA Ballers: Chosen One has some interesting ideas, particularly with regards to its presentation, but it's ultimately a disappointment thanks to repetitive gameplay and needlessly complex controls.  
  UEFA EURO 2008 Review
,  UK REVIEW--First things first: UEFA Euro 2008 plays a better game of football than any other game currently available for either the Xbox 360 or the PS3. EA Canada's gameplay team has been hard at work on the core engine since it finished FIFA 08, and its work shows. UEFA Euro 2008 isn't that far ahead of the latest FIFA offering, but minor improvements are apparent all over the pitch.  
  UEFA EURO 2008 Review
,  UK REVIEW--First things first: UEFA Euro 2008 plays a better game of football than any other game currently available for either the Xbox 360 or the PS3. EA Canada's gameplay team has been hard at work on the core engine since it finished FIFA 08, and its work shows. UEFA Euro 2008 isn't that far ahead of the latest FIFA offering, but minor improvements are apparent all over the pitch.  
  Rocky and Bullwinkle Review
,  Rocky and Bullwinkle first had their antics aired across American airwaves back in 1959. Since then, their slapstick sensibilities and doofy encounters with odd antagonists have been captured in movies, books, video games, and all manner of cross-media connections. Few, if any, of these crossovers have lived up to the once-rich experience many adults had watching the moose and squirrel's adventures in their younger days.  
  Heavenly Guardian Review
,  Perhaps you've heard of the Pocky & Rocky titles. Heavenly Guardian has been billed as the "spiritual successor" to those games, the first of which appeared in the United States on the SNES in 1993. In Heavenly Guardian, as in its inspirations, you roam about 2D environments shooting at stuff. If you're yearning for a blast from the past, however, you should dust off the old systems and relive the magic of that era's best games for real, rather than plod through this sad, charmless shadow of past generations.  
  The Club Review
,  The Club is an old-school shooter. It emphasises single-player action over multiplayer competition and encourages near-endless replaying to beat that elusive high score, but while it's good enough to keep you coming back, it is far from perfect. The game's premise is a simple one. The eponymous Club is a powerful collection of superrich, morally bankrupt individuals who have decided to run their own personal worldwide blood sport a la 
  Stranger Review
,  Stranger certainly lives up to its name. This role-playing/real-time strategy hybrid is decidedly strange in every respect, from its bizarre setting to its unusual game mechanics and its gawky interface. Russian developer Fireglow Games seems to have set out to make something rather offbeat, but then followed this philosophy so far off the beaten path that the end product turned into a surreal, inept jumble of half-baked ideas. Despite a couple of interesting innovations and some traditional hacking-and-slashing that sticks close to a familiar formula, the game is simply too odd and too clumsily made to appeal to either RPG or RTS gamers.  
  Destroy All Humans! Big Willy Unleashed Review
,  The gameplay found in the original Destroy All Humans! may have been so-so at best, but it was able to overcome this shortcoming with a fiendish sense of humor that used 1950s sci-fi to satirize Cold War paranoia. The second installment did its best to mimic what made the first so funny, but couldn't produce quite as many laughs thanks to a lack of focus in its storyline. This downward trend in quality continues with Destroy All Humans! Big Willy unleashed, which relies on a quickly tiresome flood of sexual innuendo to mask the fact that the human-destroying action has gone stale.   
  Dragon Quest Swords: The Masked Queen and the Tower of Mirrors Review
,  Dragon Quest Swords seems like yet another attempt to appeal to the Wii's more mainstream audience, in this case by plastering the name of a well-regarded franchise onto a short, stripped-down game that can only be described as role-playing lite. Of course, there's nothing wrong with some airy entertainment, but in this case the Dragon Quest brand has been reduced to its barest form, without retaining the wit, style, or narrative depth you would expect. This is, from every angle, an inoffensive throwaway release that may draw young players into the DQ universe but will leave most fans unfulfilled.  
  Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 Review
,  While Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 was a disappointment on nearly every other platform, the Wii version offers a genuinely new take on the series. Developed by a completely different team within Konami, Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 takes the game's solid heritage and adds a control system specifically designed for the Wii Remote and Nunchuk. The online mode is generally excellent, as well as lag-free, and the game-finding system works well. It's still a little too short on game modes and unlockable extras, but as a bold first appearance on the Wii, it's an innovative new game that football fans should definitely check out.   
  FIFA Street 3 Review
,  In the world of FIFA Street, soccer isn't just about scoring more goals than your opponent; it's about humiliating your opponent at every opportunity. FIFA Street 3 from EA Sports Big tasks you with leading a squad of famous players to victory against other teams from all over the world, taking in some unusual locations along the way. The action is fast-paced and fun for a while. However, the single-player game gets repetitive all too quickly and the multiplayer options are too limited to have lasting appeal.  
  Conflict: Denied Ops Review
,  For the fifth game in a series, Conflict: Denied Ops sure doesn't show any signs of evolution. This may actually be the simplest edition of the shooter franchise that developer Pivotal Games has produced, with gameplay so out of date that it might as well be wearing a plaid flannel shirt and listening to Alice in Chains. But even though the action is a good decade behind the times, the game's rapid-fire pace blurs the fact that you're shooting the same bad guys over and over again. Cooperative play is a highlight and earns the game some applause all by itself given how this shooter feature is so often asked for and so rarely delivered. This mindless shooter is ideal for those moments when you want to switch off the synapses, though some awkward control issues occasionally get in the way.  
  Conflict: Denied Ops Review
,  For the fifth game in a series, Conflict: Denied Ops sure doesn't show any signs of evolution. This may actually be the simplest edition of the shooter franchise that developer Pivotal Games has produced, with gameplay so out of date that it might as well be wearing a plaid flannel shirt and listening to Alice in Chains. But even though the action is a good decade behind the times, the game's rapid-fire pace blurs the fact that you're shooting the same bad guys over and over again. Cooperative play is a highlight and earns the game some applause all by itself given how this shooter feature is so often asked for and so rarely delivered. This mindless shooter is ideal for those moments when you want to switch off the synapses, though some awkward control issues occasionally get in the way.  
  Bomberman Story DS Review
,  Bomberman first appeared in the mid-'80s on consoles such as the Nintendo Entertainment System, and through numerous guises and off-shoots the series has continued to this day. The explosive-obsessed titular character has already appeared on the DS in Bomberman and Bomberman Land Touch, neither of which mess with the original formula too much--though the latter did include a number of additional minigames. Bomberman Story DS, though, is a departure for the series as it places Bomberman into his very own role-playing game. While the RPG component of Bomberman Story DS attempts to try something new with the series, it's ultimately let down by the fact that the story itself is weak and hard to follow. Oodles of lame dialogue and largely forgettable characters result in an experience that is neither compelling nor engrossing.   
  Triggerheart Exelica Review
,  Shoot-'em-ups like Triggerheart Exelica are made with a specific audience in mind, and that's just fine. Like many other similar titles, Triggerheart is light on content and heavy on challenge, so if you're into trial and error, pattern recognition, and beating high scores, you may want to check out the game's demo on Xbox Live Arcade. Spending $10 on the full game when there are better shooters available for purchase, however, isn't something we can wholeheartedly recommend.  
  Bomberman Land Review
,  The venerable Bomberman series has long been a staple in video games, providing players with frenetic, friendship-ending multiplayer sessions. The Bomberman Land spin-off franchise, on the other hand, boasts a distinctive single-player experience that emphasizes minigames, exploration, and scavenger hunts. Hudson has brought Bomberman Land and its adventuring ways to the PlayStation Portable, but if anything, it's the tacked-on traditional multiplayer battle mode, rather than the lackluster single-player mode, that makes the title worth even a passing glance.  
  Conflict: Denied Ops Review
,  For the fifth game in a series, Conflict: Denied Ops sure doesn't show any signs of evolution. This might actually be the simplest edition of the shooter franchise that developer Pivotal Games has produced, with gameplay so out of date that it might as well be wearing a plaid flannel shirt and listening to Alice in Chains. But even though the action is a good decade behind the times, the game's rapid-fire pace blurs the fact that you're shooting the same bad guys over and over again. Attractive visuals feature diverse terrain spread all over the globe. Co-operative play is another highlight, which earns the game some applause all by itself, given how this shooter feature is so often asked for and so rarely delivered. So even though nothing here is going to slow down traffic--let alone stop it--such a speedy mindless shooter like this is ideal for those moments when you want to switch off the synapses and play Rambo for a few hours.  
  Wipeout Pulse Review
,  Wipeout Pulse is the follow-up to Wipeout Pure, an original PlayStation Portable launch game when the console arrived in 2005. Back then, Pure was one of the best reasons to pick up the handheld thanks to its superb graphics and excellent handling, and the game was amply supported post-release with a number of downloadable content packs. The sequel ups the ante with online multiplayer, a deeper and more varied career mode, and custom soundtracks. Although the gameplay remains mostly unchanged, and reflects a similar racing style as Pure and Wipeout 2097 (Wipeout XL in the US), the wealth of content make this a must-buy for fans of the series.   
  Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney Review
,  The Ace Attorney games have always been exclusive to the Nintendo DS in North America, but they were essentially ports of the Japanese games, which were originally released on the GameBoy Advance. Apollo Justice: Ace Attorney marks the first time a game in the Ace Attorney series has been built from the ground up for the Nintendo DS, and it includes many features (several of which were first introduced in the bonus case in Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney) that take advantage of the handheld's touch-screen capabilities. It also has a new protagonist: Apollo Justice. These changes, along with an excellent final case, freshen things up enough to make Apollo Justice worth investigating for diehard fans of the series, but if you found your interest waning in any of the previous games, you'll want to temper your expectations when it comes to how much has changed.   
  Pirates of the Burning Sea Review
,  Pirates of the Burning Sea isn't World of Warcraft with swashbuckling. In fact, if we were forced to draw comparisons between Flying Lab Software's massively multiplayer role-playing game and another title, it would be EVE Online. Like EVE, Pirates is a complex game featuring an intricate supply-line economy--and like its galactic counterpart, its rewards aren't always immediate or obvious. No, it takes a while for the game to wriggle into your psyche. This isn't because the early hours aren't fun--they are--but because there's a bit of a learning curve to conquer before the pieces all fall into place. That might be enough to turn away players expecting immediate gratification, which is a shame, because Pirates of the Burning Sea is a special, and specialized, game that rewards you with some of the finest moments the genre has to offer.  
  N+ Review
,  Not too long ago, an aspiring designer created the ultimate deathtraps for ninjas. These traps were not merely cunning mazes or enemy-filled rooms, but also a free downloadable game for the PC. The game was known as N, a stylishly short abbreviation for (the way of the) Ninja. Slick Entertainment decided to bring the popular PC game to the Xbox 360 in the form of N+.  
  The Spiderwick Chronicles Review
,  The Spiderwick Chronicles will not make your inner child throw itself on the ground screaming, or cause your outer adult to turn an even more bitter shade of jade. Indeed, the game manages to relate the movie's plot effectively, has a brisk pace, and is never particularly odious to play. Then again, it's rarely outright fun, since most of the game's elements (collection, fetch quests, easy action, bad platforming) are the kinds of things you would like to escape from, not to.  
  Penumbra: Black Plague Review
,  When last we left Philip, the protagonist of last year's first-person horror adventure Penumbra: Overture, he had just been knocked out cold in a dank underground lair. This sudden cliffhanger was just about the only truly annoying moment in Frictional Games' freshman effort, though, because the Swedish developer did yeoman work setting up both a macabre mood and puzzles rooted in the real world. Now, the series comes to a close with Penumbra: Black Plague, a superb sequel that continues with the creeps and common-sense conundrums.  
  Commanders: Attack of the Genos! Review
,  Sierra's strategy game Commanders: Attack of the Genos! borrows from many different sources but makes it all fit well in one package. The art deco style of all the vehicles, buildings, and units takes influence from the early 1900s, but the gameplay is a fairly family-friendly blending of StarCraft and Advance Wars.  
  Draglade Review
,  Mashing together fighting-game mechanics with rhythm-game ideas sounds like one of the stranger genre combinations you're ever likely to find in a video game. Nevertheless, in Draglade, you'll be fighting to a musical beat while also enjoying some light adventure and collection aspects. However, none of these aspects--most notably the rhythm mechanics--are very robust by themselves, which leaves you with a game that is merely decent when it could have been much more.  
  Frontlines: Fuel of War Review
,  The danger of driving a tank into battle is that if you get out to pee, your enemy might drive off with it. THQ and Kaos Studios (who, as Trauma Studios, were responsible for the popular Desert Combat mod for Battlefield 1942 and collaborated with DICE on Battlefield 2) know this, because they essentially jumped into EA's Battlefield franchise when no one was looking and renamed it Frontlines: Fuel of War. Although this tactic wasn't particularly creative, in a console generation that hasn't seen many Battlefield-type games, the outcome is a refreshing return to large-scale combat. With some wonky physics and a weak single-player campaign, Frontlines doesn't beat Battlefield at its own game, but at least someone is giving us the chance to run over people with tanks, borrowed or not.   
  Rocketmen: Axis of Evil Review
,  At first glance, Rocketmen: The Axis of Evil might appear to be just another game patterned after great top-down shooters from the '80s and '90s. But what is different about this game is the ability to create a different-looking hero and then traverse the solar system through 10 opponent-rich levels.  
  Turning Point: Fall of Liberty Review
,  Turning Point: Fall of Liberty is a perfect example of how a great concept doesn't always make for a great game. In this case, the concept is Turning Point's intriguing premise: Without the voice of Winston Churchill to rally Allied forces, Hitler's Nazi regime spreads like wildfire across Europe and Africa, eventually staging an all-out assault on the United States. It doesn't take long to realize that Turning Point makes almost no use of this potential. The result is a shooter that fluctuates between mediocre and disastrously buggy.   
  Major League Baseball 2K8 Review
,  2K Sports deserves credit for trying to deliver more than a roster update with MLB 2K8. There's a new pitching mechanic, fielding has been revamped, and you can now put together your own team using in-game baseball cards. There are also new bugs and poor design choices that come with every new feature, making MLB 2K8 as frustrating as it is enjoyable.  
  Turning Point: Fall of Liberty Review
,  Turning Point: Fall of Liberty is a perfect example of how a great concept doesn't always make for a great game. In this case, the concept is Turning Point's intriguing premise: Without the voice of Winston Churchill to rally Allied forces, Hitler's Nazi regime spreads like wildfire across Europe and Africa, eventually staging an all-out assault on the United States. It doesn't take long to realize that Turning Point makes almost no use of this potential. The result is a shooter that fluctuates between mediocre and disastrously buggy.   
  Spaceforce: Captains Review
,  Because so many turn-based strategy games deal with high fantasy, it's initially refreshing to get to play with the aliens and starships of Spaceforce: Captains. Unfortunately, the sci-fi setting is all that this low-budget DreaMatrix Games effort has going for it. Although this space-opera wannabe aspires to take traditional turn-based fantasy to the final frontier, it pulls the genre down to earth, courtesy of sloppy design and third-world production values.  
  City Life 2008 Edition Review
,  Rome may not have been built in a day, but the so-called Eternal City probably went up a lot faster than the City Life series. This city-building franchise from developer Monte Cristo Games first shook up the Sim City crowd in 2006 with some quirky ideas about class conflict, but it hasn't advanced much in the past two years. While the latest addition to the lineup--the stand-alone expansion pack City Life 2008 Edition--is clearly the most thorough version of the game yet, the rundown of new features is shorter than the average bachelor's grocery list. As such, it's only worth considering if you've never experienced this city builder before, or if you skipped last year's more expansive World Edition add-on.  
  Eco Creatures: Save the Forest Review
,  Eco Creatures: Save the Forest is an environmentally minded real-time strategy game for the Nintendo DS, developed by Lightweight and published by Majesco. Its story and presentation are charming but the game's strategy elements are largely frustrating and uninspired.   
  Lost Planet: Extreme Condition Review
,  Capcom's shooter Lost Planet comes to the PlayStation 3 more than a year after its Xbox 360 debut, and it has a few extra goodies up its sleeve, such as more multiplayer maps and characters to tempt those who have never gone hunting for giant bugs in the snow before. Unfortunately, none of the added extras enhance Lost Planet's gameplay, and the PS3 version's visuals are actually inferior to those of its 360 and PC counterparts.  
  Major League Baseball 2K8 Review
,  2K Sports deserves credit for trying to deliver more than a roster update with MLB 2K8. There's a new pitching mechanic, fielding has been revamped, and you can now put together your own team using in-game baseball cards. There are also new bugs and poor design choices that come with every new feature, making MLB 2K8 as frustrating as it is enjoyable.  
  Army of Two Review
,  Army of Two is a decent third-person shooter that unfortunately sticks its boot in its mouth. It does so by belittling volunteer armed services and selling a power-but-no-responsibility mercenary fantasy, part of which takes place in the modern-day Iraq war. It mostly plays fine. The Aggro system works well (whereby your partner can hold your enemies' attention while you flank), and the online multiplayer is hectic fun. But the way it broaches and then mishandles such a controversial modern day issue is far from army strong.  
  Rocketmen: Axis of Evil Review
,  At first glance, Rocketmen: The Axis of Evil might appear to be just another top-down shooter patterned after Robotron, Smash TV, or Geometry Wars. The mix of RPG elements, however, sets it apart.   
  Army of Two Review
,  Army of Two is a decent third-person shooter that unfortunately sticks its boot in its mouth. It does so by belittling volunteer armed services and selling a power-but-no-responsibility mercenary fantasy, part of which takes place in the modern-day Iraq war. It mostly plays fine. The Aggro system works well (whereby your partner can hold your enemies' attention while you flank), and the online multiplayer is hectic fun. But the way it broaches and then mishandles such a controversial modern day issue is far from army strong.  
  Professor Kageyama's Maths Training: The Hundred Cell Calculation Method Review
,  Regardless of whether you support or deplore the rapidly expanding appeal of the casual-games market, it looks as if it's here to stay, with Nintendo's Wii console and DS handheld opening new doors and taking us on a monumental evolutionary jump during the past couple of years. Like Brain Age before it, Professor Kageyama's Maths Training: The Hundred Cell Calculation Method will be right up your alley if your idea of a good time is memorizing, counting, and practicing your maths skills. Unfortunately, if you're more of a Professor Layton and the Curious Village kind of fan looking for fun and challenging puzzles, this game will definitely leave you unfulfilled.   
  Orcs & Elves Review
,  When you think of casual games, first-person dungeon crawls probably aren't what spring to mind. They can be slow, difficult, and--if the level designers don't play their cards right--downright boring. id Software showed that this didn't have to be the case by releasing Orcs & Elves for mobile phone platforms, and now the game has made its way to the Nintendo DS. It doesn't hide its simplistic roots very well and the story is paper-thin, but it nevertheless provides quick, accessible fun for those who would normally be intimidated by your garden-variety, rat-infested dungeon crawl.  
  Warhammer 40,000: Squad Command Review
,  Consumers sure seem to appreciate the differences between the Sony PSP and the Nintendo DS, so maybe it's about time that developers caught on too. The latest illustration of this lack of understanding is the DS port of Warhammer 40,000: Squad Command, which has been shifted over from the PSP with few changes. Developer RedLynx decided not to take advantage of the Nintendo system's unique amenities or seriously enhance the interface of this turn-based tactical simulation. Instead, it pretty much just slapped the overhead map onto the second screen and decided to live with atrocious visuals. The result is a game that's just about as hard to control as it is to look at, not quite unendurable but certainly not enjoyable.  
  Super Swing Golf Season 2 Review
,  The first Super Swing Golf for the Wii was an enjoyable yet flawed game. There aren't many changes to be found in its sequel, Super Swing Golf Season 2, but the few alterations have improved the experience significantly. Although it's less frustrating now, the game still has a significant hurdle: You can essentially play the same game (known as Albatross 18) for free on your PC. Sure, there are no motion controls, and you'll have to shell out some cash if you wish to unlock all of the items, but it's tough to justify a $40 price tag for the Wii version, even if the game is pretty good.  
  Twisted Metal Head On: Extra Twisted Edition Review
,  Twisted Metal: Head-On for the PSP was considered to be the sequel to Twisted Metal 2 that had never been, and one of the best gaming options available at the portable system's launch. Forget about that 
  Pursuit Force: Extreme Justice Review
,  When Pursuit Force was released in early 2006, it marked a great debut for newcomer Bigbig Studios. The game's innovative vehicle-to-vehicle jumping mechanic turned otherwise garden-variety high-speed car chases into action-packed sequences straight out of Hollywood. The game also offered variety courtesy of third-person shooter levels played on foot and rail-shooter levels in which you manned a helicopter gun. Two years later, in a sequel that's fittingly set just a couple of years after the events of the original, Pursuit Force is back. Pursuit Force: Extreme Justice doesn't mess with the original formula too much, but it adds a number of new features to the mix and, crucially, it isn't as frustratingly difficult as its predecessor.  
  Samurai Warriors: Katana Review
,  The Dynasty/Samurai Warriors franchise is about as polarizing as you get. Either you love the series' completely mindless hacking and slashing, or you hate it, not least of all because every entry is essentially the exact same game. This time, Koei decided to mix things up a bit by applying its tried-and-true formula of button-mashing, beat-'em-up action to the first-person on-rails shooter genre. Unfortunately, Samurai Warriors: Katana is as boring as it is uninspired, and includes some of the worst motion controls available on the Wii. Even diehard fans of the series will find it difficult to enjoy; this is a Samurai Warriors game in name only.  
  TimeShift Review
,  Given TimeShift's long, tumultuous development cycle that saw the game change platforms, swap publishers, and miss several release dates, it's surprising the game has made it to stores at all. So it's too bad that TimeShift isn't really worth the wait, thanks to a barely-there story, extremely rudimentary puzzles, and tired first-person shooter objectives like going through an entire level just to push a button. It does have some redeeming features, though. It's fun to pause time and whale on helpless soldiers, and some of the weapons are really satisfying to shoot.  
  PixelJunk Monsters Review
,  A first glance at PixelJunk Monsters may not be entirely impressive, but you shouldn't let the game's plain, cartoony presentation discourage you from checking out this surprisingly addictive and charming experience. This is strategy for the masses, and it makes up for a certain lack of depth with mesmerizing gameplay and just the right degree of challenge. If you've got $7.99 to spend in the PlayStation Network and an itch for something a little different, you'll find plenty here to scratch it.   
  Advance Wars: Days of Ruin Review
,  Intelligent Systems' long-running turn-based strategy series returns to the Nintendo DS with Advance Wars: Days of Ruin, and it's far and away the most divergent entry in the series yet. The game eschews an absurdly happy-go-lucky attitude toward military conflict in favor of a darker, more ponderous tone, which suggests that the series is going through its sulky teenage years. The gameplay itself will still feel familiar to returning players, though even veterans will notice an increased level of difficulty, making it a slightly less accessible experience. Even so, Days of Ruin still stands as a very satisfying strategy game with a ton of content.  
  Rez HD Review
,  While working at Sega, Tetsuya Mizuguchi produced Rez, a lock-on rail shooter infused with trippy music, scintillating graphics, and a healthy dose of weird. That alchemical formula became a critical delight and a collector's dream. The good news is that Rez HD for the Xbox 360 has remained true to the original design after a presentation upgrade to wide-screen, high-definition graphics with colors that really pop.   
  Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Review
,  If back in 1990 you had told either a Nintendo or Sega fanboy that both Mario and Sonic would be appearing together in a game in 2007, you'd have been told that you were completely insane. Well, the unthinkable 
  The Legend of Spyro: The Eternal Night Review
,  Spyro's been a shadow of his former self for years now, so it's perhaps unsurprising that his most recent foray onto the Wii and PlayStation 2 is not an amusing one. The game tries so hard to be likeable, but its humor is forced while its gameplay is both plodding and shallow. The game also throws in new and unnecessary gameplay elements while failing to offer anything truly refined. Spyro and his game have reached an awkward adolescence, and the resulting identity crisis is both frustrating to participate in and awkward to witness.   
  Tron Review
,  As a video game movie tie-in, the arcade game Tron is an anomaly. Here's a video game based on a movie (which, itself, was about video games) that not only fits in naturally with the source material, but it's also actually fun--arguably more fun than the movie it's based on. Now this neon-tinged slice of early-'80s nostalgia has arrived on Xbox Live Arcade, and though it's unfortunately saddled with some minor sound and control issues, Tron is still a distinctive experience.  
  The Legend of Spyro: The Eternal Night Review
,  Spyro's been a shadow of his former self for years now, so it's perhaps unsurprising that his most recent foray onto the Wii and PlayStation 2 is not an amusing one. The game tries so hard to be likeable, but its humor is forced while its gameplay is both plodding and shallow. The game also throws in new and unnecessary gameplay elements while failing to offer anything truly refined. Spyro and his game have reached an awkward adolescence, and the resulting identity crisis is both frustrating to participate in and awkward to witness.   
  MX vs. ATV Untamed Review
,  Ostensibly, MX vs. ATV Untamed for the PSP is a different game than the versions found on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. The core concept of the MX vs. ATV series is still intact--driving around on all manner of off-road environments, pulling off tricks, and getting yourself into painful-looking spills in the process--but the organization of elements found in the console version of the game has been refigured for the handheld version. The result is a scaled-back, uneven Untamed experience that ends up more frustrating than fun.  
  Need for Speed ProStreet Review
,  It has been a little over three months since Need for Speed ProStreet hit consoles, and now it has finally made its way to the PlayStation Portable. Sort of. The only thing the two versions have in common is their name. The PSP incarnation, unfortunately, is an uninteresting mishmash of stale events, dodgy controls, and bland presentation.   
  Cybernator Review
,  Mech games seem to be a divisive lot. Some people like piloting big, hulking robots with a huge arsenal wreaking havoc, and some can't be bothered to deal with balancing heat levels and tinkering around with cumbersome movement. Konami's Cybernator could be the mech game for mech haters. In it, you guide a huge yet agile robot through a variety of 2D stages, helped along by some generous physics, streamlined action, and great boss encounters. However, the difficulty of these battles might also keep you from enjoying the game to its fullest.  
  Warriors of the Lost Empire Review
,  Warriors of the Lost Empire is about as straightforward of a mindless dungeon-crawling hack-and-slash action role-playing game as you can get. In fact, it's so derivative that you can almost picture the developers as they sat around a table with a pile of similar games and compiled a list of the bare necessities of the genre on their college-ruled notepads. Dungeons? Check. Dragons? Check. Item crafting, vaguely historical setting, bizarre traps? Check, check, and check. Unfortunately, they somehow managed to forget to add fun and variety into the mix; thus, the end result is a boring grindfest where the most satisfying moment is the one in which you turn it off.  
  One Piece: Unlimited Adventure Review
,  One Piece: Unlimited Adventure tackles two challenges, and it does so reasonably well. First and foremost, it offers a good amount of fan service by way of its flashback-oriented storytelling. Second, it's a somewhat-entertaining action-oriented adventure in it own right, with a light but amusing combat system and some fun boss battles. It's also quite long, though that's partially due to a lot of dull backtracking. This is a good game, to be sure, but a bit of monotony moves in early on, only to take up permanent residence as the adventure continues.  
  The Experiment Review
,  Since being stuck in a strange place with no idea who you are is such an ancient gaming cliché that it should be drawing social security, it's tough to warm up to The Experiment (also known as Experience 112). But developer Lexis Numerique manages to put together such a unique take on the "Who am I?" story gimmick that this tale feels awfully original. A secondhand control system that essentially breaks the fourth wall, an innovative interface, and loads of spooky scenery and sound land you in an alternate reality that is as strange as it is believable.  
  The Club Review
,  The Club is an old-school shooter. It emphasises single-player action over multiplayer competition and encourages near-endless replaying to beat that elusive high score, but while it's good enough to keep you coming back, it is far from perfect. The game's premise is a simple one. The eponymous Club is a powerful collection of super-rich, morally bankrupt individuals who have decided to run their own personal worldwide blood sport à la 
  The Club Review
,  The Club is an old-school shooter. It emphasises single-player action over multiplayer competition and encourages near-endless replaying to beat that elusive high score, but while it's good enough to keep you coming back, it is far from perfect. The game's premise is a simple one. The eponymous Club is a powerful collection of super-rich, morally bankrupt individuals who have decided to run their own personal worldwide blood sport à la 
  Discs of Tron Review
,  When Disney released the motion picture 
  Dark Messiah of Might and Magic: Elements Review
,  Adding a subtitle hasn't improved Dark Messiah of Might and Magic. This tardy Xbox 360 port of the first-person action RPG that premiered on the PC in late 2006 remains solidly third-rate even with the word "Elements" strangely appended to the original name. Arkane Studios and Ubisoft may have taken well beyond a year to presumably spit-shine everything for the game's console debut, but the mind-numbingly repetitive combat, bland story, and awkward level design haven't been changed much at all. Only revamped multiplayer modes of play offer anything new, and they're pretty weak and offset by control and visual issues that make this 360 version of the game much worse than its PC predecessor.  
  Sins of a Solar Empire Review
,  There's a blissful nirvana strategy gamers yearn for, even though experiencing it usually involves a considerable loss of sleep along with a steep drop in productivity for days on end. Sins of a Solar Empire is one of those rare games that can deliver an incredibly addictive experience that devours a healthy chunk of your life, and you won't mind a bit. Not bad for a debut game from a relatively small developer. Ironclad and publisher Stardock should be proud, because they've delivered one of the most original, compelling strategy games in recent years.  
  Poker Smash Review
,  Poker Smash is a terribly misleading title for a game that has less in common with Texas hold 'em than Bejeweled. Don't let the name or the 52-card aesthetic fool you--this is a puzzle game, straight up, and though the pieces all look familiar, Poker Smash assembles them in a way that feels fresh.  
  Turok Review
,  Considering that it's published by Touchstone, an interactive arm of Disney, it's not surprising that Turok comes across like it was based on a screenplay. This new Turok game is the first in the franchise in six years, and it feels like a reboot in many ways. Gone are the time-traveling aspects of the previous games, and in its stead is a sci-fi story that involves a ship crashing on an alien world inhabited by dinosaurs. The ensuing action and story unfold very much like a standard Hollywood summer blockbuster, complete with familiar and expected plot twists, cheesy dialogue, and plenty of mindless action.  
  Downstream Panic! Review
,  What happens when you combine the cuteness of Loco Roco and the gameplay of Lemmings? You end up with Downstream Panic!, a fun puzzler with more than a passing resemblance to both games. Downstream Panic! is an absolute blast for a few hours, but erratic physics make some of the later levels extremely difficult, and there aren't many other ways to enjoy the game if or when you get stuck.  
  Turok Review
,  Considering that it's published by Touchstone, an interactive arm of Disney, it's not surprising that Turok comes across like it was based on a screenplay. This new Turok game is the first in the franchise in six years, and it feels like a reboot in many ways. Gone are the time-traveling aspects of the previous games, and in its stead is a sci-fi story that involves a ship crashing on an alien world inhabited by dinosaurs. The ensuing action and story unfold very much like a standard Hollywood summer blockbuster, complete with familiar and expected plot twists, cheesy dialogue, and plenty of mindless action.  
  Nitrobike Review
,  The heart of any quality racing game lies in its vehicle control and track design. But these are often buried beneath layers of custom paint jobs, licensed soundtracks, and scenic backdrops. Nitrobike is that odd game where vehicle control and track design would seem to work well enough on their own, but they achieve disastrous results when forced together as a team. This, combined with the game's lackluster extras and painful visuals, means there's not a lot to draw your attention.  
  Assassin's Creed: Altair's Chronicles Review
,  It's not surprising that the Nintendo DS iteration of Assassin's Creed doesn't feature the often-stunning, open-world exploration of its console counterparts. It does feature many of the same elements, however: An attractive visual style, some nice animation work, and decent sound effects that make the Middle Eastern cityscapes you explore feel alive with activity. Its fundamental design, however, bears a closer resemblance to another of Ubisoft's landmark properties: Prince of Persia. In Altair's Chronicles, you travel through 3D environments on a mostly linear path, avoiding traps, scaling walls, and occasionally beating up some bad guys in the process. When the game hits its stride, this makes for some fairly enjoyable entertainment. Unfortunately, clunky controls and an overall lack of refinement frequently conspire to sully the experience.   
  Atari Classics Evolved Review
,  The phrase "you had to be there" is an appropriate remark when talking about the good old days of arcade gaming. Big-haired teens would crowd around game cabinets and plunk quarter after quarter into them, spending hours reaching for those elusive high scores and the chance to plaster their initials at the top of the screen. If you're looking to relive the past--or simply wondering what all the fuss was about--Atari Classics Evolved isn't the best time-traveling portal at your disposal. In some cases, classic gameplay has been hampered by mediocre controls, while few of the visually updated "evolved" versions are worth the space they take up on the disc.   
  Rayman Raving Rabbids 2 Review
,  At some point you have to wonder why Ubisoft feels compelled to continue putting the Rayman name on its Raving Rabbids titles. As on other platforms, Rayman Raving Rabbids 2 for the DS barely even features that limbless French guy with the hair, instead focusing almost entirely on those adorably deranged rabbids. If only they had focused instead on providing lots and lots of fun minigames, we might be raving too. As much fun as it is to watch the rabbids twitch, whack one another with hammers, and scream incoherently at the absolute tops of their lungs, the game itself feels a little thin. There simply aren't enough minigames, and what's there is often so simple that it usually doesn't merit revisiting.  
  Breath of Fire II Review
,  For Wii owners, the Virtual Console service seems like the perfect spot to give fans of such series as Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest a taste of their origins. Yet, so far, there's very little to turn to when it comes to Japanese role-playing games. The closest we have is Capcom's Breath of Fire II, and unfortunately, its unrefined localization and balance issues--the latter of which is mitigated by the portable nature of its earlier and more recommended Game Boy Advance port--tends to overshadow its redeemable qualities.   
  NCAA March Madness 08 Review
,  NCAA March Madness 08 is a frustrating game because it really should have been good. The developer got a lot right, such as a new low-post game, an improved interface, and online leagues. But for every improvement, there seems to be a problem to cancel it out. And it's not just small problems, either. The gameplay is incredibly sluggish, the ball physics are off, teams don't have their real schedules, and the frame rate is downright terrible on the PlayStation 3. March Madness 08 is still worth a look, but hardcore hoops fans probably won't be able to look past the game's many faults to enjoy what it does well.  
  History Channel: Battle for the Pacific Review
,  Unlike the Xbox 360 version of the game, the Wii version of Battle for the Pacific showed a lot of promise. Rather than following around a brain-dead soldier on a series of stand-alone missions, you actually play out a real story in some interesting jungle environments. The problem with Battle for the Pacific isn't in the design, though, but in the execution. Terrible controls, dumb artificial intelligence, and god-awful visuals get in the way of the game's potential, and keep this war from being one worth fighting.  
  Sonic Rivals 2 Review
,  Let's face it: Sonic has had a rough time for the last decade or so. A lackluster crossover with the former competition, an abortive attempt at a franchise reboot, an underwhelming hoverboard racer... The list goes on and on. If you were on the lookout for an end to this disturbing trend of shoddy sequels and unimaginative spinoffs, Sonic Rivals 2 is not for you. Any but the most diehard of Sonic fans would do well to stay away from this, the next rung down the ladder of Sonic's continually downward-spiraling career.  
  Undertow Review
,  Ringo Starr clearly isn't on the same page as Chair Entertainment. Whereas The Beatles' drummer famously fantasized about withdrawing from the world for a quiet existence with friendly crustaceans and octopi, the developer's Undertow depicts an H2O that's anything but peaceful. But though this frantic multiplayer-oriented Xbox Live Arcade shooter offers a lot of excitement, a number of design quirks and a short, frustrating single-player story mode dampen the experience.  
  Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords Review
,  Originally released in early 2007 on the PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS, Puzzle Quest was a revelation. By taking some of the most compelling properties of puzzle and role-playing games, Infinite Interactive created something that was more than the sum of its parts. It's an RPG that can be played in short bursts, as well as a puzzle game that begs to be played in long stretches. Puzzle Quest is now available on the Wii, and although the screen layout makes the playfield smaller than would be ideal and the controls are less than perfect, the excellent gameplay remains undaunted.  
  Impossible Mission Review
,  Impossible Mission was as big as Huey Lewis back in 1984. But just like the "I Want A New Drug" singer, the Epyx platformer vanished without a trace by the end of the decade. Today, you'd be hard-pressed to find anyone outside of old Commodore 64 diehards who would even remember the electrifying action and trademark taunts from evil Elvin such as "Destroy him, my robots!" Now developer System 3 is trying to revive this forgotten great with a revamped new version for the Nintendo DS. Yet as usual with rereleases of these pop-culture museum pieces, you need to have the nostalgia gene to really appreciate a game this old. Anyone who played the original way back in the day will likely get a kick out of all the leaping around and code-breaking, whereas those who aren't old enough to remember the Cold War will wonder what all the fuss was about.  
  College Hoops 2K8 Review
,  Though its NBA franchise gets plenty of attention, 2K Sports' College Hoops series has flown under the radar of many sports fans, despite being quite good in its own right. Like 2K7 before it, College Hoops 2K8 isn't tremendously different from its predecessor, but it's the small changes, like new gameplay mechanics and an improved legacy mode, that make this year's installment great and one sure to please college basketball fanatics.   
  College Hoops 2K8 Review
,  Though its NBA franchise gets plenty of attention, 2K Sports' College Hoops series has flown under the radar of many sports fans, despite being quite good in its own right. Like 2K7 before it, College Hoops 2K8 isn't tremendously different from its predecessor, but it's the small changes, like new gameplay mechanics and an improved legacy mode, that make this year's installment great and one sure to please college basketball fanatics.   
  Napoleon Dynamite Review
,  It's difficult to imagine a less needed game than Napoleon Dynamite: The Game, and yet, here it is. This handheld collection assembles a series of less-than-stellar minigames and builds them around a number of wacky characters and situations from the 2004 oddball cult-classic comedy film. This is the sort of game you'd see quickly churned out to coincide with a film's release or at least some kind of DVD release. That's not the case here. The developers at 7 Studios and publisher Crave decided that more than three years past the film's height of popularity was the right time to strike with a game adaptation of 
  LifeSigns: Surgical Unit Review
,  LifeSigns: Surgical Unit is like a rather bold hybrid of Phoenix Wright and Trauma Center. You might call it Drama Center, or Phoenix Wright: Surgeon at Hospital. To wit, not only is most of the game spent conversing with other characters, but you must also occasionally convince them to see things your way by presenting pieces of evidence from your medical record, which is nearly identical to the psyche-lock mechanic from Phoenix Wright. However, the writing quality in LifeSigns is a little worse than what you'd find in the courtroom. Then there are the operations, which are "Trauma Center lite" and occur a couple of times per episode, of which there are five total. Sounds dismal, right? Don't be too hasty. LifeSigns is still a pretty good game, like Phoenix Wright with slightly worse dialogue and more involved gameplay.   
  Napoleon Dynamite Review
,  It's difficult to imagine a less needed game than Napoleon Dynamite: The Game, and yet, here it is. This handheld collection assembles a series of less-than-stellar minigames and builds them around a number of wacky characters and situations from the 2004 oddball cult-classic comedy film. This is the sort of game you'd see quickly churned out to coincide with a film's release or at least some kind of DVD release. That's not the case here. The developers at 7 Studios and publisher Crave decided that more than three years past the film's height of popularity was the right time to strike with a game adaptation of 
  Tempest Review
,  The Xbox Live Arcade version of Tempest is a poor emulation of a true classic and is neither good for taking a trip down memory lane nor for having a few minutes of arcade-style fun. To make matters worse, the evolved version of the game included with the package is a mess, making this one of the worst ways to spend $5 of your hard-earned cash in the XBL Marketplace.  
  Metal Slug 3 Review
,  For years now, SNK has been turning old ideas into new money by rereleasing its puckish Metal Slug action games on various home consoles, both in stand-alone and compilation titles. Metal Slug 3, arguably an apex for the series in terms of fresh ideas, narrative strength, and overall insanity, has now arrived on Xbox Live Arcade for 800 points ($10). That's a little steep for what is little more than a competent port of a seven-year-old arcade game, but it's still a manic, absurd experience that demands multiple plays.   
  History Channel: Battle for the Pacific Review
,  The History Channel's logo is printed on Battle for the Pacific's box, which may lead you to believe that the game features a certain amount of historical accuracy. It's apparently an undocumented fact, then, that if you were a World War II private, you would be accompanied on missions by soldiers completely impervious to gunfire. These soldiers would run directly up to enemies, perform pirouettes, and then kill them at point-blank range, which certainly 
  Winter Sports: The Ultimate Challenge Review
,  If you were to look at Winter Sports: The Ultimate Challenge and see it as a shoddy attempt to capitalize on the Wii's overwhelming popularity with a substandard sports compilation, you'd be right--but only 
  Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords Review
,  Originally released in early 2007 on the PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS, Puzzle Quest was a revelation. By taking some of the most compelling properties of puzzle and role-playing games, Infinite Interactive created something that was more than the sum of its parts. It's an RPG that can be played in short bursts, as well as a puzzle game that begs to be played in long stretches. Puzzle Quest is now available on the PlayStation 2, and though the screen layout makes the playfield smaller than would be ideal, the excellent gameplay remains undaunted.   
  Universe at War: Earth Assault Review
,  Universe at War: Earth Assault is this year's Rise of Nations: Rise of Legends. In other words, it's an attempt to deliver an old-school real-time strategy game that features three incredibly unique and distinct factions. And in that regard, Universe at War delivers because it does introduce three alien races, two of which feel like they haven't been seen before in RTS gaming. At the same time, Universe at War also sports some major flaws that hamper it quite a bit.  
  Super Mario Bros. 3 Review
,  "Mario! Mario! Mario!" was the chant echoed by a legion of people in the TV advertisements for Super Mario Bros. 3 that aired leading up to its original release in 1990. At the end of that famous commercial, the camera flies skyward to reveal the population of North America grouped together in color-coordinated outfits to create a visage of Mario spanning the entire continent. Looking back, that ad was a deft summary of the anticipation that had built up prior to the game's release, as well as an accurate predictor of the praise it would receive once people got their hot little handss on that grey NES cartridge. In Super Mario Bros. 3, Nintendo promised and delivered one of the best 2D platformers of all time. Now, this genuine milestone in the history of video games is available once again; this time as a download for the Wii's Virtual Console service.  
  Beowulf Review
,  There were two cool things about the console versions of Beowulf: the singing thanes and the impressive levels of gore. Neither of those can be found in the PSP version, which is pure abomination. And not in a fun, "Yay, let's find it and kill it" sort of way, either. If you see this game coming, make like Monty Python and "Run away, run away, run away!"  
  Avencast: Rise of the Mage Review
,  Describing Avencast: Rise of the Mage is a bit tricky. This role-player relies on WASD controls, but it doesn't have the nonstop action of a typical action role-playing game. Quests feature standard go-fetch objectives, although they're often jazzed up with adventure game puzzles. And while the plot strays into world-saving Dungeons & Dragons clichés, it begins with a bored teen mage doing the Hogwarts thing. With so much cross-genre experimentation, it's difficult to figure out what the developer was trying to get at, although the one thing you can say is that this grab bag of RPG styles comes together remarkably well.  
  MX vs. ATV Untamed Review
,  With high-profile games such as MotorStorm and Dirt already released on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, the bar has been raised for recent off-road racing games. Rainbow Studios' MX vs. ATV Untamed feels a lot like previous entries in the MX vs. ATV series and, as a result, doesn't meet that same standard of quality. Nevertheless, despite its problems, Untamed manages to be a worthwhile and jam-packed off-road racing experience.  
  MX vs. ATV Untamed Review
,  With high-profile games such as MotorStorm and Dirt already released on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, the bar has been raised for recent off-road racing games. Rainbow Studios' MX vs. ATV Untamed feels a lot like previous entries in the MX vs. ATV series and, as a result, doesn't meet that same standard of quality. Nevertheless, despite its problems, Untamed manages to be a worthwhile and jam-packed off-road racing experience.  
  Sonic Riders: Zero Gravity Review
,  No. In Sonic Riders: Zero Gravity, it still doesn't make sense that Sonic the Hedgehog would need to race upon a hoverboard. That's like Cyclops from the X-Men buying a laser gun, or Iceman needing a snow cone. And even though there are a couple of speedy thrills, with a two-hour campaign, an overbearing plot, and lame course design, you need this hoverboard racer about as much as Wolverine needs a new set of Ginsu knives.  
  Boogie Bunnies Review
,  Xbox Live Arcade is home to a number of outstanding puzzle games...and a few duds as well. Boogie Bunnies, the latest puzzler to join the fray, is right in the middle. The game is good for a few hours of enjoyment, but there's not enough to it to keep you coming back for more.  
  Sonic Riders: Zero Gravity Review
,  No: In Sonic Riders: Zero Gravity, it still doesn't make sense that Sonic the Hedgehog would need to race upon a hoverboard. That's like Cyclops from the X-Men buying a laser gun, or Iceman a snow cone. And even though there are a couple of speedy thrills, with only a two-hour campaign, overbearing plot, and lame course design, you need this hoverboard racer about as much as Wolverine needs a new set of Ginsu knives.  
  Omega Five Review
,  Omega Five is a side-scrolling shooter in the vein of Gradius or R-Type, though if you're a fan of these types of shoot-'em-ups, it may remind you most of Capcom's Forgotten Worlds. Nevertheless, it's got a unique style that's very much its own, and while it may not initially seem like you get much for your 800 points, this Xbox Live Arcade release is surprisingly compelling and quite a looker to boot. If you like an old-fashioned challenge and don't mind the trial and error inherent to this sort of game, Omega Five will deliver several hours of high-energy entertainment.   
  History Channel: Battle for the Pacific Review
,  Unlike the Xbox 360 version of Battle for the Pacific, the PlayStation 2 release showed some promise. Rather than following around a brain-dead soldier on a series of stand-alone missions, you actually play out a real story in some interesting jungle environments. The problem with Battle for the Pacific isn't in the design, but in the execution. Dumb artificial intelligence, tedious action, and god-awful visuals get in the way of the game's potential and keep this war from being worth fighting.  
  Master of Illusion Review
,  The Nintendo DS has seen its fair share of bizarre and original concepts--the latest of which is Master of Illusion. Less of a game and more an interactive way to participate in and learn magic tricks, Master of Illusion won't interest everyone. But like a simple magic kit from a toy store, it's a really cool and effective way to introduce the world of magic to children.  
  Bubble Bobble Review
,  Reptilian beasts of myth are supposed to belch vicious flames from their mouths. Yet with Bubble Bobble, Taito somehow made it completely awesome for dragons to spit bubbles instead. A platform action arcade game that was ported to many home systems, the version released on the Nintendo Entertainment System is available on the Wii's Virtual Console service and shows off just how well its hectic, points-hoarding gameplay has aged.  
  Rolling Thunder 2 Review
,  Imagine Shinobi's Joe Higashi losing a bit of agility, donning a pistol holster, and mowing down baddies with a submachine gun to some snazzy tunes, and you get Rolling Thunder 2 for the Sega Genesis, a conversion of the run-and-gun arcade side-scroller by the same name. Its simple, two-tiered levels and shooting mechanics make it an easy game to learn, but its sometimes cheap enemy placement and repetitive stages will have you gnashing your teeth as you continually restart levels. It's not as smooth or maneuverable as its Virtual Console peers, but it's got some personality that makes it worth checking out--if you've got a willing partner for cooperative play.  
  NFL Tour Review
,  When EA unveiled NFL Tour, the question many people found themselves asking was "What's the difference between NFL Tour and NFL Street?" After spending a lot of the time with the game, we can finally reveal the answer: NFL Tour isn't played on the street. There's also a little less "attitude" and fewer customization options in NFL Tour. If this sounds like a significant step backward--it is. You'll probably be able to squeeze out a few hours of enjoyment from the game, but there's nothing to keep you coming back for more.  
  NFL Tour Review
,  When EA unveiled NFL Tour, the question many people found themselves asking was "What's the difference between NFL Tour and NFL Street?" After spending a lot of the time with the game, we can finally reveal the answer: NFL Tour isn't played on the street. There's also a little less "attitude" and fewer customization options in NFL Tour. If this sounds like a significant step backward--it is. You'll probably be able to squeeze out a few hours of enjoyment from the game, but there's nothing to keep you coming back for more.  
  Harvey Birdman: Attorney At Law Review
,  In Harvey Birdman: Attorney At Law for the Wii, PlayStation2, and PSP, the developers at High Voltage Software didn't actually make a 
  Kingdom Under Fire: Circle of Doom Review
,  The Kingdom Under Fire series experienced a renaissance with the release of the excellent Crusaders on the Xbox in 2004, and Circle of Doom takes even more chances with the franchise. Unlike its predecessors, though, the game eschews strategy elements in favor of a pure action role-playing experience, albeit with uneven results. The action devolves into tedium, the story has no obvious bearing on the gameplay proper, and a number of unnecessary hindrances break up the rhythm of the gameplay. If you take things online with friends, the pace picks up, but not enough to overlook some noticeable and annoying drawbacks.   
  LandStalker: The Treasures of King Nole Review
,  In the 16-bit era, the best action adventure games were notable for their sprawling worlds, environmental puzzles, and emphasis on exploration and discovery. Landstalker: The Treasures of King Nole, originally a Sega Genesis game, pulls off these basic action adventure tenets quite well and tops it all off with charming presentation. Unfortunately, it also draws attention away from these perks with its cumbersome controls and frustrating platforming, all of which is exacerbated by an isometric perspective. The result is a lengthy, memorable adventure that, sadly, might be memorable for the wrong reasons for those who are easily flustered.  
  The King of Fighters XI Review
,  The annual King of Fighters series is more than a decade old, and originates on arcade hardware that's older still, though the series' solid and varied gameplay has continued to bring the faithful coming back for more each year. Although many hardcore followers consider 1998's The King of Fighters '98 to be the best game in the bunch--and some feel the series has gone downhill since then--the 2D fighting series has finally returned in style with The King of Fighters XI, a fast-paced game with a huge, well-balanced character roster and a lot of gameplay depth. Even though the game originally appeared on the Atomiswave arcade platform (arcade hardware with the embarrassing distinction of having noticeable load times), the game traces its roots, and most of its art assets, back to developer SNK's NeoGeo platform, and this reliance on older graphics is hard to miss. However, if you're a bona fide 2D fighting-game fan, there's a good chance that graphics have always taken a backseat to gameplay for you, and if that's the case, you'll get all the great gameplay you can handle in this extremely well-crafted fighting game.  
  Arkadian Warriors Review
,  Repetition doesn't have to be a bad thing in a dungeon crawl. It's often sort of the point. But Wanako Games doesn't get this with Arkadian Warriors, an action-first RPG for Xbox 360 Live that practically pummels you with its rigid, formulaic structure. It delivers all of the hacking and slashing that you would expect of a Diablo clone, albeit with no imagination and not much in the way of innovation.  
  Harvey Birdman: Attorney at Law Review
,  In Harvey Birdman: Attorney At Law for the Wii, PlayStation2, and PSP, the developers at High Voltage Software didn't actually make a 
  NiGHTS: Journey of Dreams Review
,  NiGHTS: Journey of Dreams is a beautiful, sweet-hearted game with a warm, chewy center that's tough to resist. As the titular inhabitant of Nightopia, you'll give chase across a variety of gorgeously crafted environments, befriend two children piecing their hearts back together, and ultimately prove that friendship is something to be valued and trusted. You'll probably smile much of the time you play, thanks to all of this good-natured charm. But you won't be all smiles: Journey of Dreams, for all its visual dreaminess and elegant simplicity, trips itself up with some surprisingly awkward levels and a Wii-centric control option that detracts from the game rather than enhances it. The game will keep you in a good mood, though, so forgiving its faults is an easy task in light of its breezy gameplay and a handful of excellent boss fights.  
  Unreal Tournament 3 Review
,  The Unreal franchise has had a comfortable home on the PC for many years. On the other hand, Unreal Tournament 3 is the first game from the franchise to hit a Sony console since the original Unreal Tournament landed on the PlayStation 2 in 2000. PlayStation 3 owners will be thrilled to hear that this version of UT3 is for the most part everything the PC version was when it was released in November. Aside from some online hiccups, it is fast, furious, and fun to play, and never fails to impress from a visual perspective. As a result, it stands up favorably against the other strong multiplayer shooters available on the platform.   
  NCAA March Madness 08 Review
,  NCAA March Madness 08 is a frustrating game because it really should have been good. The developer got a lot right, such as a new low-post game, an improved interface, and online leagues. But for every improvement, there seems to be a problem to cancel it out. And it's not just small problems, either. The gameplay is incredibly sluggish, the ball physics are off, teams don't have their real schedules, and the frame rate is downright terrible on the PlayStation 3. March Madness 08 is still worth a look, but hardcore hoops fans probably won't be able to look past the game's many faults to enjoy what it does well.  
  Rainbow Islands Evolution Review
,  Reinventing a classic arcade game can be a tricky business. Developers have to stick close enough to what made the original formula so compelling while introducing enough novel mechanics to entice new people to try out the game. Unfortunately, Rainbow Islands Evolution succeeds at neither endeavor, alienating fans of the original Rainbow Islands by creating a slow, monotonous trek that does little to appeal to a new audience. Although the essential rainbow-throwing, climb-to-the-top mechanics remain intact, Evolution turns a classic 8-bit platformer into a tedious game that simply isn't fun.  
  Harvey Birdman: Attorney At Law Review
,  In Harvey Birdman: Attorney At Law for the Wii, PlayStation2, and PSP, the developers at High Voltage Software didn't actually make a 
  Sega Superstars Tennis Review
,  After Sonic's recent lackluster performance in Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games, you'd be forgiven for having low expectations for Sega's next sports game to feature mascots: Sega Superstars Tennis. The characters aren't all A-listers and the tennis isn't great, but the game's interesting court designs, minigames, and classic Sega tunes make for a decent package.   
  Naruto: Ninja Destiny Review
,  Naruto: Ninja Destiny is a shadow clone of a shadow clone, namely, the Naruto: Clash of Ninja fighting games. Whereas those console fighters were a little better than average, Ninja Destiny offers considerably less. For $30, you get a game as bare and skinny as the sexy jutsu. If you're a young Naruto fan you'll probably eat it up, but anyone else will find this game way too shallow to take seriously.  
  Pinball Hall of Fame - The Williams Collection Review
,  The glory days of pinball are back, at least according to the packaging for Pinball Hall of Fame: The Williams Collection. That's not true, no matter how much we'd like it to be, but there's no denying that this collection of 10 tables has plenty to offer for anyone with a penchant for pinball. Not all of the featured tables can be considered classics, but if the lineup was chosen specifically to offer plenty of variety, then it's most definitely a success. Older tables like 1970's Jive Time bear little resemblance to the likes of Whirlwind and Funhouse that were released 20 years later, and playing through this collection in chronological order is a fun way to see how Williams' offerings evolved during that time.   
  PDC World Championship Darts 2008 Review
,  The first PDC Darts hit the PC and PlayStation 2 in late 2006, and although it had a budget look and feel, it wasn't a terrible game by any means. With the Wii and its motion-sensitive controller arriving not long after, it was clear that there was potential for the game to make the jump to Nintendo's console, and now it has. The result is PDC World Championship Darts 2008, in which you use the Wii Remote to throw darts with some of the world's best players. While that alone may prove to be a draw for fans of the sport, the control scheme has been poorly implemented and feels particularly imprecise when you use it as suggested. Considering also the dreadful overall presentation, poor graphics, and uninspired multiplayer, this game is a definite missed opportunity.   
  Jack Keane Review
,  Deck 13 Interactive is proving that 2006's Ankh was no fluke. The German developer's follow-up, Jack Keane, is every bit as colorful and cheerful as that romp through a Disney-fied ancient Egypt. It was also one of those rare adventures that worked for kids and adults. The two games are actually very similar in just about every way, with the same cutesy humor and lighthearted derring-do shifted a few millennia forward in time. A reliance on obscure, overly traditional puzzles spoils the party somewhat, but these old-fashioned conundrums aren't going to trouble your noggin too much.  
  MLB 08: The Show Review
,  Sony's MLB series has been top dog for several years running now, and that hasn't changed in 2008. MLB 08: The Show doesn't have much in the way of new content, but it improves upon last year's game in almost every department, and it's 
  Imperium Romanum Review
,  Even with a cool new Latinized name, Imperium Romanum is pretty much the exact same game as Glory of the Roman Empire, which came, saw, and inspired a thousand yawns back in 2006. This carbon copy also has tougher problems to deal with than simply ripping off a two-year-old snoozer that nobody much cared for, since a legion of bugs leave the game stuck somewhere between "unstable" and "God help you."  
  FlatOut: Head On Review
,  There's something rather charming about the low-fi nature of FlatOut: Head On. With its 
  Bliss Island Review
,  Bliss Island is another game on the growing list of online freeware games ported to Xbox Live Arcade. Unfortunately, it's not worth paying for Bliss Island because it has about as much to do with bliss as ketchup does with ice cream.  
  Brain Challenge Review
,  If you're a fan of brain training games, then you will recognize the formula operating behind Brain Challenge for the Xbox 360. This Xbox Live Arcade game is a port of the DS game released in January. Masochists and start-them-early parents could find room for this title in their library, but it's of little value to anyone else.   
  flOw Review
,  FlOw didn't start out as a PlayStation 3 game, but Sony's console is definitely where it garnered the most attention after being made available as a download early last year. The game's simplistic, stylized visuals made it an unlikely showpiece for the PS3, but its inventive and undemanding gameplay coupled with effective use of the Sixaxis' motion controls made it a good option for early PS3 adopters looking to show off their new toy. The downloadable PSP version of flOw doesn't add anything new over the PS3 version, but it's a great fit for the handheld and certainly worth a look if you haven't played the game already.  
  Swashbucklers: Blue vs. Grey Review
,  Mix the Wild West with the high seas and you get Swashbucklers: Blue vs. Grey, an action adventure game about pirates during the Civil War. However, the gameplay isn't as innovative as this offbeat premise, considering that Russian developer TM Studios has simply duplicated Sid Meier's take on buccaneering from his Pirates! games, right down to the arcade minigames. There isn't any amusement to be found in the derivative, go-through-the-motions gameplay that mimics a vastly superior predecessor. The PlayStation 2 production values (the game was apparently designed for Sony's last-generation console), which boast nonstop loading screens and outdated graphics, really hammer home the bottom-drawer philosophy behind this second-rate rip-off.  
  Swashbucklers: Blue vs. Grey Review
,  Mix the Wild West with the high seas and you get Swashbucklers: Blue vs. Grey, an action adventure game about pirates during the Civil War. However, the gameplay isn't as innovative as this offbeat premise, considering that Russian developer TM Studios has just duplicated Sid Meier's take on buccaneering from his Pirates! Games, right down to the arcade minigames. There isn't any amusement to be found in the derivative, go-through-the-motions gameplay that mimics a vastly superior predecessor. Ancient production values boast nonstop loading screens and outdated graphics, all of which nicely hammers home the bottom-drawer philosophy behind this second-rate rip-off.  
  WordJong Review
,  Considering that you can play WordJong for free at various Web sites, or for just a few bucks on your cell phone, the Nintendo DS rendition of it had better offer something beyond portability to justify the $20 price tag. The good news is, it does. In addition to packaging two of the most popular variations of this addictive brain teaser together on a single cartridge, Destineer and Magellan Interactive have also included a battle mode that lets you test your word-making skills against live opponents using Nintendo's Wi-Fi Connect service.  
  Rock Band Review
,  Released last month on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, Rock Band was a revelation for rhythm game fans everywhere. By taking the concept laid down by Guitar Hero then multiplying it by a factor of drums and vocals, developer Harmonix essentially set the bar for multiplayer rhythm gaming. Now, Rock Band comes to the PlayStation 2, albeit without quite the wow factor of the previous iterations. The PS2 game includes the same collection of hardware as the last release, as well as the same core gameplay design. However, several key modes are missing--modes that made a big difference in the previous releases and are greatly missed in this one. By all accounts, Rock Band is still a lot of fun on the PS2--it's just nowhere near the ideal version of the experience.  
  Switchball Review
,  Switchball could have just as easily been titled: "Physics: The Game." This puzzle game essentially mashes Marble Madness and Archer MacLean's Mercury into a single entity. Like those two games, Switchball effectively transforms tricky physics into hours of entertaining gameplay. The tech demo nature is palpable, but developer Atomic Elbow has crafted a legitimate game out of that technology; one with some diabolically ingenious puzzles, to boot.  
  Metal Marines Review
,  There aren't many strategy games currently available on the Wii. Oddly enough, half of them come from its Virtual Console service. Metal Marines, originally a SNES game from Namco, offers a peculiar strategy experience for 800 Wii points, with real-time gameplay interrupted by a separate battle mode. It's got limitations and frustrations that will limit its appeal to the average customer, but strategy buffs will find enough to like here--provided that they can dig past its oddball structure.  
  Naruto: Path of the Ninja Review
,  Though the following for the Naruto cartoon and comic series has been steadily growing in English-speaking countries for a few years now, video games based on the popular franchise have been slow to arrive on portable game systems. A good case in point is Naruto: Path of the Ninja. This role-playing adventure based on the first half of the Naruto saga was released for the Game Boy Advance in Japan way back in 2004. Now, some three years later, D3 Publisher has finally brought the game to our shores, only we're getting it on a Nintendo DS cartridge with a few trivial touch-screen features added in.  
  Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings Review
,  The Final Fantasy franchise had never been one to hold continuity close to heart. Until recently, it used to forsake the idea of direct sequels and instead focus on creating entirely new universes that share similar themes, names, and icons. However, the world of Ivalice has been one visited several times, and with Final Fantasy XII: Revenant Wings, we return once again to follow the adventures of Vaan and his friends in the skies above. Their latest adventure is--in a drastic departure from the norm--an RTS game that manages to successfully blend the potent storytelling and signature style of Final Fantasy with the lightning-quick action of Command & Conquer, and the result is one of the more unique and memorable outings in the series' history.  
  Championship Manager 2008 Review
,  On the surface, Championship Manager 2008 looks to be an improvement over last year's effort, playing at a higher resolution with a slicker-looking interface, but underneath this gloss, the gameplay fails to satisfy. To live out the dream of being a football manager, you take control of one of any number of club teams and--simultaneously, if you want--a national team, with the aim being to win all the real-life competitions your team faces. Teams and competitions come from leagues across the globe, with most countries having at least their top two leagues represented, and some, such as Italy and England, having five. You pick the team each week, negotiate transfers, settle contracts, oversee training, and have a certain amount of control pitch-side on match days.  
  America's Army: True Soldiers Review
,  When America's Army was first released for the PC as a clever means of boosting military recruitment numbers, there were two key factors working in its favor: It was both free and surprisingly fun to play. Now that the series has arrived on the Xbox 360 in the form of True Soldiers, its original appeal has taken a huge hit. Not only does it sport the same retail asking price you'll find on every other premium current-generation first-person shooter, but it's also attempted a more realistic feel, which has resulted in a clunky and monotonous overall experience.   
  Eternal Champions Review
,  When Sega originally published Eternal Champions for the Sega Genesis back in 1993, much attention was paid to the large characters and their over-the-top killing blows. Unfortunately, once people began to look beyond those details, many came to discover that Sega's foray into the 2D fighting genre was really defined by its clunky combat system and choppy animation.  
  Vegas Stakes Review
,  Father time has grabbed a switch off the tree and delivered a proverbial beat down to Vegas Stakes. When it originally came out for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1993, this collection of five parlor classics was one of just a few gambling compilations available for home consoles. However, now that Nintendo has made Vegas Stakes available once again on the Wii's Virtual Console service, there are a near-infinite number of gambling collections out there for a multitude of platforms, and most of them provide a wider selection of casino staples than the ones included here.   
  The Golden Compass Review
,  The Golden Compass owes a lot to 2005's The Chronicles of Narnia. Like Narnia, it is a game based on a film based on a fantasy novel, and it even goes so far as to summarily lift hunks of gameplay directly from the older title. Yet for some reason, the designers picked all of the bad stuff while leaving behind the good. And just for good measure, the PSP version suffers from incomprehensibly awful glitches that essentially break the game.   
  Ghosts 'n Goblins Review
,  Many people consider Ghosts 'n Goblins an all-time classic in the 2D action genre. An equal number of people consider it a simplistic, ball-busting torture device that's best left buried in the past. Both groups are right, and now that the Nintendo Entertainment System's version is available in the Virtual Console shop, you can spend 500 Wii points to find out which camp you belong in.  
  Godzilla Unleashed: Double Smash Review
,  Do you ever wonder what it must be like to be the guy who plays Godzilla in all those movies? By day, he's Godzilla; by night, he's Todd. He gets paid to act like a monster, but he's only too aware of his actual limitations, just as he knows that King Ghidorah isn't really a giant, alien space dragon; King Ghidorah is really Bill, and his wife is leaving him. Now you too can share in Todd's feelings of disillusionment and despair with Atari's new Godzilla Unleashed: Double Smash, a game that ostensibly lets you burn cities, crush armies, and defeat monsters as Godzilla, but actually serves to remind you that you're just a normal guy or gal playing a bad video game.   
  The Golden Compass Review
,  The Golden Compass owes a lot to 2005's The Chronicles of Narnia. Like Narnia, it is a game based on a film based on a fantasy novel, and it even goes so far as to summarily lift hunks of gameplay directly from the older title. Yet for some reason, the designers picked all of the bad stuff while leaving behind the good. The result is a muddled mishmash of gameplay ideas that lacks focus and certainly lacks any sense of fun.  
  Baseball Stars 2 Review
,  Baseball Stars 2 
  Soulcalibur Legends Review
,  There comes a point while playing Soulcalibur Legends, after fighting the same boss you've already faced five or six times, when you're left wondering if the game will ever end. Yet against all odds, it keeps throwing one quest after another at you, sending you back to the same levels you've visited over and over again. Brevity is not often considered a strong selling point in an action adventure game, but this one would have benefited from a good pruning. As it is, Soulcalibur Legends is a boring, mind-numbingly ugly game that melds monotonous remote-waggling combat and cheap deaths into a single disappointing package.   
  The Golden Compass Review
,  The Golden Compass owes a lot to 2005's The Chronicles of Narnia. Like Narnia, it is a game based on a film based on a fantasy novel, and it even goes so far as to summarily lift hunks of gameplay directly from the older title. Yet for some reason, the designers picked all of the bad stuff while leaving behind the good. The result is a muddled mishmash of gameplay ideas that lacks focus and certainly lacks any sense of fun.  
  Contra 4 Review
,  Contra 4 is awesome. And it is awesome in exactly the same ways as the classic games that bear the crest of Contra. Contra 4 is also mean. And it is mean in exactly the same ways as its forebears. That's perhaps a longwinded way to say, "Contra 4 is totally Contra," but regardless, the point remains. From its slavish dedication and great execution of the "run to the right, shoot stuff, don't get shot" formula, to its utterly ludicrous difficulty, Contra 4 is not a game for the easily vexed, but it is one for anyone who loves a challenging shooter.  
  Blue's Journey Review
,  One glance at Blue's Journey may suggest cute side-scrolling fun. Don't be fooled. If you're unlucky enough to play it for yourself, you'll discover that Blue's Journey is just a repetitive run-and-jump action game that frequently resembles the sort of home brew that was prolific on the PC in the early 1990's.  
  The Orange Box Review
,  Game compilations are usually dry and dusty affairs. Most are either a collection of "classic" games that were new 10 or 20 years ago or a repackaging of two- or three-year-old games with all of their expansions. In general, they're usually nothing to get excited about. So trust Valve to completely redefine this category with the weirdly named The Orange Box. This is a package that has something for almost everybody, including one of the greatest shooters ever made and some of the best new and original content of the year.  
  Medal of Honor: Airborne Review
,  It seems you can't read a preview or review of a World War II-based FPS without hearing about how many games there are in the genre. With good reason, too--it's a crowded one. But just because there are a lot of them doesn't mean there can't be some good ones. Medal of Honor: Airborne is one such game. It starts off really slow, and the whole parachuting hook is little more than a gimmick; but later on the game realizes its potential and gets good.  
  Axelay Review
,  When two-dimensional space shooters were in their heyday, almost any game you'd see was similar to the next. A ship flies across a horizontally or vertically autoscrolling background while collecting power-ups, dodging a mess of bullets to avoid one-hit kills, and holding down the "fire" button. Konami tried to do something different with Axelay for the SNES, while at the same time pushing the hardware to its limit. Download its rerelease from the Wii's Virtual Console service today and you'll find that, despite small issues that haven't quite withstood the test of time, Axelay is still a wild ride.  
  The Dynastic Hero Review
,  If you've already downloaded Wonder Boy in Monster World to your Wii, you may want to pass on The Dynastic Hero, since it's basically the same game. To summarize a rather long story, Sega published Wonder Boy in Monster World for the Sega Genesis in 1991, and Hudson reworked the game into The Dynastic Hero for its TurboGrafx CD unit three years later. The story, music, and a few visual elements were changed, but the underlying world structure and gameplay were left alone. Now, having said all that, if you haven't already played Wonder Boy in Monster World, you should definitely check out The Dynastic Hero if you're into 2D action adventure games that feature cleverly designed levels and an abundance of cutesy charm.  
  Dawn of Magic Review
,  All of the extra hocus-pocus in Dawn of Magic should have made it a cut above the typical Diablo clone. While the standard action role-playing game contents itself with nonstop hacking and slashing, this one from developer Sky Fallen Entertainment gives you all of that twitchy-fingered goodness along with a dozen magical schools that let you raise the dead, launch fireballs, and even suck the blood out of enemies. But all of this Harry Potter stuff is worthless in the end because horrific bugs make the game virtually unplayable and the lackluster game design will have you groaning or yawning before you've cut down a dozen monsters.  
  Tabula Rasa Review
,  Aliens aren't new to the massively multiplayer online gaming arena, but they're certainly not as prevalent as elves and gnomes. Tabula Rasa helps balance things out even further, with its universe of secret extraterrestrial artifacts, chainguns, and hulking space creatures. But it isn't just the setting that makes the game interesting: An action-oriented combat system and a unique Battlefield-esque system of control points add some flair to the proceedings. That isn't to say you should expect anything groundbreaking, nor should you expect a world conceived as well as Anarchy Online's Rubi-Ka. Yet even with its flaws, Tabula Rasa is an entertaining game that deserves a look for anyone looking for a little more oomph from their online explorations.  
  Wrecking Crew Review
,  Mario, Nintendo's ubiquitous mascot, has appeared in dozens of games of differing nature since the company started developing video games decades ago. Best known as the portly plumber who battles turtles and androgynous egg-launching pink dinosaurs, Mario sets his plunger aside for a trusty hammer in the oddball NES title Wrecking Crew, now available for the Wii's Virtual Console. What starts off as an unremarkable game of destruction quickly proves to be an addictive puzzler that keeps you busy with tough but doable levels and a rudimentary level editor.  
  Next Life Review
,  Playing a lot of point-and-click adventures could prepare you for the afterlife if the premise of Next Life is accurate. However, let's hope that it isn't because this traditional adventure from Future Games wimps out when it comes to dealing with the "What happens after we die?" premise and also manages to almost bore you to death in the process. While you start off fascinated with the weird island on which you are marooned after the fiery death sequence that opens the proceedings, you soon find yourself trudging through a very slow, very unoriginal adventure-game scavenger hunt.  
  Escape From Paradise City Review
,  One look at the box of Escape From Paradise City reveals a lot of the hallmarks of gaming disaster. There's the name primed to set up a dozen punch lines, the cheap cover art, and a back blurb filled with clichés about a "dystopian world" and "gritty characters." But the game inside is a lot better than first impressions would lead you to believe. Sirius Games hasn't exactly broken new ground with this action role-playing game/real-time strategy hybrid about cleaning up a crime-ridden burg. (You could consider this a sequel to the developer's similar Gangland, released in 2004 when the company was still known as MediaMobsters.) But at the same time, all of the scrapping, leveling up, and thug management rolls along in a passable, if formulaic, fashion.  
  Soldier of Fortune: Payback Review
,  If you've ever wondered what happened to the Soldier of Fortune franchise, you're not alone. The first two Soldier of Fortune games were popular shooters in their day, blending fun single-player and multiplayer gameplay with the concept of playing as a mercenary. But after 2002's Soldier of Fortune II: Double Helix, the franchise seemed to fall off the face of the planet. Unfortunately, it should have stayed missing in action because the series has been resurrected with Soldier of Fortune: Payback, a shooter that embraces all the wrong lessons that have been learned over the past decade.  
  Thrillville: Off the Rails Review
,  Unlike its console counterparts, Thrillville: Off the Rails for the Nintendo DS isn't really a theme park management simulation. Instead, it's more of a role-playing game with park design aspects, minigames, and some story all mixed together. While that's not necessarily a bad thing, the lack of in-depth features may limit how much time you actually invest in the game, especially when you discover that no skill is required to keep a park running.  
  Power Golf Review
,  If you're looking for a solid, no-frills rendition of golf, then you need look no further than the TurboGrafx-16 version of Power Golf that's available for the Wii's Virtual Console service. Be aware, though, that you'll need two controllers to take advantage of all of its features, even if you just want to compete against the computer.  
  Soldier of Fortune: Payback Review
,  If you've ever wondered what happened to the Soldier of Fortune franchise, you're not alone. The first two Soldier of Fortune games were popular shooters in their day, blending fun single-player and multiplayer gameplay with the concept of playing as a mercenary. But after 2002's Soldier of Fortune II: Double Helix, the franchise seemed to fall off the face of the planet. Unfortunately, it should have stayed missing in action because the series has been resurrected with Soldier of Fortune: Payback, a shooter that embraces all the wrong lessons that have been learned over the past decade.  
  Soldier of Fortune: Payback Review
,  If you've ever wondered what happened to the Soldier of Fortune franchise, you're not alone. The first two Soldier of Fortune games were popular shooters in their day, blending fun single-player and multiplayer gameplay with the concept of playing as a mercenary. But after 2002's Soldier of Fortune II: Double Helix, the franchise seemed to fall off the face of the planet. Unfortunately, it should have stayed missing in action because the series has been resurrected with Soldier of Fortune: Payback, a shooter that embraces all the wrong lessons that have been learned over the past decade.  
  Double Dribble Review
,  Sports games are typically made obsolete when the following year's update hits store shelves. Thus, a 20-year-old basketball game for the Nintendo Entertainment System had better be amazing to warrant the 500 point Virtual Console download fee. Unfortunately, Double Dribble is far from amazing.  
  Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder Review
,  It doesn't seem to have been very long ago that H.P. Lovecraft was a cult phenomenon. But as of late, his stories have become a source of inspiration for a number of recent games. And this has generally been a very good thing--that is, until Darkness Within: In Pursuit of Loath Nolder. This point-and-click adventure from Zoetrope Interactive may loudly proclaim its debt to Lovecraft through press releases and goofy character names, but the actual game is a lackluster mystery in which you solve problems by taking turns playing grad student and scavenger hunter. Even though plot points have been ripped off from classic Lovecraft stories such as "The Call of Cthulhu" and "The Shadow Over Innsmouth," and stereotypical drivel about ancient cults and a horrible family secret is front and center, this game is as scary as a moldy piece of bread. Everything here is a dreary recitation of adventure-game procedure, totally predictable and totally boring.  
  Geometry Wars: Galaxies Review
,  Geometry Wars just keeps getting bigger and bigger. Originally released as a hidden minigame in developer Bizarre Creations' Xbox racer Project Gotham Racing 2, the brightly-colored dual-stick shooter eventually evolved into its own entity as a $5 download on the Xbox Live Arcade. Now the game has come to the DS and Wii in Geometry Wars: Galaxies. One might be wondering how a $5 game translates into a worthwhile value on these platforms for $30 and $40, respectively. The answer is depth. Galaxies overhauls the Geometry Wars experience into a structured series of unique levels that continually ramp up in challenge as you go. There are unlockables to acquire, multiplayer modes to check out, and on top of it all, the XBLA version of Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is included as well. There's a surprising amount of stuff to do here, and while it all basically translates to shooting lots of geometric shapes over and over again, the gameplay is so consistently intense and crazy that you're bound to get sucked in.  
  Volleyball Review
,  There are only two plausible reasons for Volleyball for the NES to have been released on the Wii Virtual console. One is to show you just how far sports video games have come since the mid '80s. The other, and more fitting reason, is to simply grab you by the throat and shake every ounce of nostalgia out of your brain. Volleyball is that ridiculously nauseating.  
  Geometry Wars: Galaxies Review
,  Geometry Wars just keeps getting bigger and bigger. Originally released as a hidden minigame in developer Bizarre Creations' Xbox racer Project Gotham Racing 2, the brightly-colored dual-stick shooter eventually evolved into its own entity as a $5 download on the Xbox Live Arcade. Now the game has come to the DS and Wii in Geometry Wars: Galaxies. One might be wondering how a $5 game translates into a worthwhile value on these platforms for $30 and $40, respectively. The answer is depth. Galaxies overhauls the Geometry Wars experience into a structured series of unique levels that continually ramp up in challenge as you go. There are unlockables to acquire, multiplayer modes to check out, and on top of it all, the XBLA version of Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved is included as well. There's a surprising amount of stuff to do here, and while it all basically translates to shooting lots of geometric shapes over and over again, the gameplay is so consistently intense and crazy that you're bound to get sucked in.  
  FIFA Manager 08 Review
,  While the football management genre has hit a peak of depth and realism, there's no doubt that it remains a little daunting for beginners. FIFA Manager 08 aims to fill the gap between the hardcore management simulations and such games as FIFA Soccer 08 with an approachable football management game that has many different features to distinguish it. Most notably, the 3D match engine is more visually engaging than similar features in other management games, plus the official license affords a mountain of team logos and player photos to break up the stats. This year, the game is a deeper experience than ever with revamps of the training, player interaction, and scouting elements. The game struggles to present all the information coherently if you play at the hardest difficulty, but otherwise, it's a decent, glossy alternative to other games in the genre.  
  Neves Review
,  Neves is "seven" spelled backward. It's also an appropriate title for a puzzle game that involves creating specific designs by rotating, flipping, and placing seven unique shapes in such a way that they form the requested object without overlapping. Basically, this is the Nintendo DS equivalent of the traditional tangram puzzles that have existed for hundreds of years.  
  Super Collapse 3 Review
,  Super Collapse 3 is the latest installment of a popular puzzle franchise that got its start on the Web. The basic design shares similarities with click-based puzzlers, such as Bejeweled and Panel De Pon. Lines of multicolored squares constantly push up from the bottom of the screen. Using the stylus, you have to touch clusters of three or more squares to make them disappear. The rest of the pile then falls into place. You get more points for popping large clusters, so it's generally a good idea to let squares of the same color collect to maximize your payoff. Helpful items--bombs, time stoppers, and shuffle blocks--also appear at regular intervals to keep the excitement going.   
  Ghost Squad Review
,  Ghost Squad is an arcade light-gun game that will not apologize for being an arcade light gun game. Developed by AM2, a Sega studio with a long history of arcade hits, Ghost Squad is cut from the same cloth as arcade light gun games like Virtua Cop and House of the Dead, but with a touch of postmodern self-awareness. Ghost Squad seems to realize that it's a ridiculous anachronism, and it just runs with it, delivering clichéd, terrorist-fighting, president-saving arcade action with enthusiasm, but without taking itself too seriously. Its self-effacing charm does a lot to brighten up the very traditional light gun gameplay in Ghost Squad, but it's also a phenomenally fleeting experience.  
  Viva Piñata Review
,  In a world where parties don't happen without piñatas and the candy-filled creatures need to be cultivated or captured rather than constructed, skilled gardeners who have a penchant for papier-mâché wildlife are in great demand. In Rare's Viva Piñata, you have the opportunity to become such a gardener. Although the game is very open-ended and looks like something that only young players would enjoy, its colorful exterior belies a carefully structured and occasionally challenging experience that provides plenty of depth. Yes, Viva Piñata is primarily aimed at the same audience that might enjoy the animated TV show of the same name. However, like hitting things with sticks or eating candy, you're not too old for its appeal just because you can get into PG-13 movies, drive a car, or claim a pension. Arriving on shelves almost a year to the day since Viva Piñata first appeared on the Xbox 360, the PC version is almost indistinguishable from the console game--save for some unfortunate technical issues.  
  Blazing Angels 2: Secret Weapons of WWII Review
,  Blazing Angels 2 is a fairly straightforward mission-based flight game set against the backdrop of World War II, much like its predecessor was. But instead of sticking to the facts like the first game tried to do, the sequel heads off into that not-so-lofty "what if?" territory that World War II-themed games eventually seem to get to, where Nazis are either resurrecting dead humans and making horrific zombies, or building huge Tesla coils and prototypical laser cannons and other then-impossible technology. This game goes for the latter, giving you a bunch of prototype technology to fly and fight against, some of which was just out of reach back in the 1940s. At the same time, a handful of improvements make Blazing Angels 2 a better game than the previous release, though some spotty difficulty progression makes the single-player a little uneven.   
  Tomb Raider: Anniversary Review
,  Over the course of the year, Crystal Dynamics' Tomb Raider: Anniversary--a healthy remake of the original Tomb Raider--has been popping up on all sorts of different consoles. Now, after a few months of fiddling on the developer's behalf, it has arrived on the Wii. The big difference between this and the previous versions of Anniversary lies in the motion controls. They allow for some pretty neat minigames, but unfortunately, they make fundamentals such as camera control and combat occasionally frustrating. Nevertheless, it can be worth learning to grapple with the controls because there's a lot of really satisfying, acrobatic action in here.  
  Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles Review
,  Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles for the Wii marks the latest in a string of efforts to use the heavily atmospheric settings and gruesome undead abominations from Capcom's number-one survival horror franchise for the purposes of a point-and-shoot action game. It's also the most successful, due to a number of factors, including a more intuitive control scheme and more authentic locations. Umbrella Chronicles has the texture of a Resident Evil game, but it still basically handles like an arcade light-gun game. This means it's easy to pick up, but it's also got a fair share of tired genre conventions. Still, there are some exciting moments, and the Resident Evil minutiae it contains should thrill fans.   
  The Simpsons Game Review
,  As you play through The Simpsons Game on your Nintendo DS, you'll find yourself cracking one smile after another in response to all of the irreverent references the game makes concerning the TV show, pop culture in general, and the video game industry. The game itself is a varied 2D platformer that shamelessly borrows concepts from dozens of popular video games, which are constantly lampooned by the characters, both during the levels and in the lengthy animated scenes that play out after each mission. It won't take you long to work through the game (five hours, at most), but you'll be satisfied from start to finish thanks to the inventive gameplay situations, the video-heavy presentation, and the satirical sense of humor that pervades everything that's displayed onscreen or piped through the speakers.  
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2008 Review
,  THQ's WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW wrestling game franchise may have taken one chair shot too many. As much as this series has always been about piling new features on top of existing features, the pile is starting to teeter and is in danger of falling over entirely. Once again, this year's game adds several new components to the existing game engine that's been piled upon since the series was a PS2 exclusive, but the difference this year is that few, if any, of the changes really feel like they impact the overall experience for the better. In fact, some of the changes impact the game negatively. The gameplay is still basically fun, but all the various little problems that have built up over the years remain unaddressed, and some of the surrounding components of the game are really starting to show their age.  
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2008 Review
,  THQ's WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW wrestling game franchise may have taken one chair shot too many. As much as this series has always been about piling new features on top of existing features, the pile is starting to teeter and is in danger of falling over entirely. Once again, this year's game adds several new components to the existing game engine that's been piled upon since the series was a PS2 exclusive, but the difference this year is that few, if any, of the changes really feel like they impact the overall experience for the better. In fact, some of the changes impact the game negatively. The gameplay is still basically fun, but all the various little problems that have built up over the years remain unaddressed, and some of the surrounding components of the game are really starting to show their age.  
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2008 Review
,  THQ's WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW wrestling game franchise may have taken one chair shot too many. As much as this series has always been about piling new features on top of existing features, the pile is starting to teeter and is in danger of falling over entirely. Once again, this year's game adds several new components to the existing game engine that's been piled upon since the series was a PS2 exclusive, but the difference this year is that few, if any, of the changes really feel like they impact the overall experience for the better. In fact, some of the changes impact the game negatively. The gameplay is still basically fun, but all the various little problems that have built up over the years remain unaddressed, and some of the surrounding components of the game are really starting to show their age.  
  Scene It? Lights, Camera, Action Review
,  Scene It? has been a popular DVD-based party game for a number of years, so it's not surprising that the series has finally landed on a console, and with cool buzzer controllers to boot. Scene It? Lights, Camera, Action is a multimedia party game that will test your Hollywood knowledge from the 1950s to 2007. Film buffs who want to showcase their nerdiness will love the game, but even if you're only a casual movie fan, it's a lot of fun.  
  F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate Review
,  Let's see. Gloomy, industrial environments? Check. Armies of clone replica soldiers? Check. Plenty of "bullet time," slow-motion gunplay? Check. On paper, F.E.A.R. Perseus Mandate has everything that made its 2005 predecessor an atmospheric and fun shooter. However, the stand-alone Perseus Mandate is the second expansion for F.E.A.R., and it represents a bigger drop in quality and gameplay than its predecessor.  
  Bleach: Shattered Blade Review
,  Bleach whitens, so it's a good title for a manga about ethereal ninjas who cleanse evil spirits. It's also toxic, making it an apt name for a game you should avoid at all costs, which, in this case, is Bleach: Shattered Blade. Based on the anime adaptation of the aforementioned manga, Shattered Blade is a dim-witted 3D fighting game that squanders its source with idiot controls, chintzy production values, long loading times, and a lame plot. This is not even a good game for rabid fans, as they are the ones most likely to be offended by Polygon Magic's horrible whitewashing of their favorite fantasy.   
  Godzilla: Unleashed Review
,  Common thoughts when watching a Godzilla movie: "If you told girls you were the guy in the rubber suit, would they believe you?", and "If Godzilla spit at King Kong, wouldn't all his hair catch on fire? How is that even a contest?" A less common thought, on the other scaly claw, is: "Man, Godzilla is pretty cool, but someone should let that guy off his leash!" Don't tell this to Atari, though, because the company seems to be under the impression that it has finally liberated everyone's favorite fire-spitting lizard in its recent city-crushing romp, Godzilla: Unleashed.   
  Sonic 3D Blast Review
,  Sonic 3D Blast is entirely misleading. It doesn't have true three-dimensional gameplay, it barely plays like a true Sonic the Hedgehog game, and it most certainly isn't a blast to play. Instead, it's a mishmash of elements that completely work against one another and a frustrating, repetitive experience. The shiny prerendered graphics and familiar ring-collecting chimes may lure you into downloading this Genesis game from the Virtual Console service, but looking past Sonic 3D Blast's shiny surface should help you avoid that mistake.  
  Godzilla: Unleashed Review
,  Common thoughts when watching a Godzilla movie: "If you told girls you were the guy in the rubber suit, would they believe you?", and "If Godzilla spit at King Kong, wouldn't all his hair catch on fire? How is that even a contest?" A very uncommon thought, on the other scaly claw, is: "Man, Godzilla is pretty cool, but someone should let that guy off his leash!" Don't tell this to Atari, though, because the company seems to be under the impression that it has finally liberated everyone's favorite fire-spitting lizard in its recent city-crushing romp, Godzilla: Unleashed.  
  Cruis'n Review
,  Many a quick and dirty cash-in has trudged its way onto the Wii in the time since publishers began to exclaim, "Holy smokes! People are buying this thing! Get games on system make go money now!" Cruis'n ranks highly amongst the most egregious of these games. Cruis'n is essentially Midway's attempt to unearth the consistently mediocre arcade driving franchise the company used to port to consoles regularly back in the N64 days. A fitting notion, given that Cruis'n actually looks a little bit like an N64 game that's been cranked to a resolution it never should have and plays like something that would have felt like an ancient relic years ago, let alone now.   
  Golden Axe III Review
,  The Wii Virtual Console has started offering games that weren't readily available in North America, which means that less import-savvy players in this region can now finally experience these games. However, some of these selections amount to little more than curiosities and fan service, which perhaps shows why they weren't widely released over here. Golden Axe III, originally available in North America only through the Sega Channel download service, falls into the latter category, with clunky controls and an absence of the key qualities that made the original so memorable.  
  The Golden Compass Review
,  The Golden Compass for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 owes a lot to 2005's The Chronicles of Narnia. Like Narnia, it is a game based on a film based on a fantasy novel, and it even goes so far as to summarily lift hunks of gameplay directly from the earlier title. Yet for some reason, the designers picked all of the bad stuff while leaving behind the good. The result is a muddled mishmash of gameplay ideas that lacks focus and certainly lacks any sense of fun.  
  The Golden Compass Review
,  The Golden Compass for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 owes a lot to 2005's The Chronicles of Narnia. Like Narnia, it is a game based on a film based on a fantasy novel, and it even goes so far as to summarily lift hunks of gameplay directly from the older title. Yet for some reason, the designers picked all of the bad stuff while leaving behind the good. The result is a muddled mishmash of gameplay ideas that lacks focus and certainly lacks any sense of fun.  
  Bleach: The Blade of Fate Review
,  Bleach: The Blade of Fate for the Nintendo DS is a fighting game in the Street Fighter style that lets you lock swords with the characters from the 
  PAIN Review
,  Pain is a fine example of what can be done with the Havok physics engine, some destructive urges, and little else. It twists its basic principle of using a fleshy crash-test dummy as slingshot ammo into several compelling single- and multiplayer modes, all of which tap into the same primal urges that make watching a car crash or popping bubble wrap so compelling. It's not a terribly intellectual game, and apart from the Rube Goldberg punishment routines you can put your puppet through, it's never very complicated; but damn if it doesn't make for some misanthropic fun.  
  Jenga World Tour Review
,  The real game of Jenga is a love/hate kind of thing. The actual act of playing this game of block removal and stacking is pretty fun, but goodness knows it's a pain to stack those things up again after the tower comes tumbling down. Jenga World Tour attempts to remedy that admittedly small annoyance by bringing the game of Jenga to the Wii. No cumbersome blocks to stack here; all you have to do is slide out and stack virtual blocks using the Wii Remote. That all sounds good in theory, except that Jenga World Tour also happens to be functionally broken. The game's physics are wonky as all get out, the artificial-intelligence opponents are either overpowered or brain-dead depending on the situation, and many of the goofily themed stages the developers tossed in to give the game a bit of a wacky flavor are so reliant on random chance that they cease to be fun instantly. Couple all of this with the fact that World Tour costs twice as much as the real game of Jenga, and this stacks up as a pretty terrible deal.  
  Fantasy Wars Review
,  Surprises are rare in Fantasy Wars, but this wargame with elves and orcs sure delivers when it comes to traditional turn-based strategizing. Developer Ino-Co has created both a paean to the past and a great antidote to overcaffeinated real-time strategy games. Missions here make you think, not just exercise your index finger. Intricately designed maps feature loads of carefully placed opponents, plentiful units boast numerous upgrades that let you build whole custom-crafted armies, and the easy-to-use interface makes it a snap to play in general. The only issue is difficulty that soars past merely challenging and into territory usually reserved for the masochistic.  
  Super Air Zonk Review
,  Side-scrolling space shooters usually involve power-up orbs, deadly enemy spacecraft, and missiles. Super Air Zonk? Not so much. Following in the footsteps of oddball shooters like Parodius, Super Air Zonk--the second game in a two-part series--tosses the power-up orbs for meat and smiley faces, the spacecraft for flamingos with fans mounted on their fannies, and the missiles for the strangest weaponry you can imagine. It also packs in an eclectic assortment of CD-quality rockabilly and metal music. Along with the wackiness comes the unfortunate realization that, though it's an entertaining ride, Super Air Zonk takes up more memory and costs more while being less flexible and less visually impressive than its predecessor. As a result, it doesn't carry as strong of a value proposition.  
  ZANAC Review
,  They didn't make many good vertical scrolling shoot-'em-up games for the Nintendo Entertainment System, but one of the best was Zanac. Originally published for the NES in 1987, Zanac is an exciting space shooter that broke new ground in the genre with its rich weapon options and adaptive difficulty that makes more enemies appear depending on how you play the game. The busy graphics seemed pretty extravagant back then too. Now, this classic shooter is available for the Wii's Virtual Console at a cost of 500 Wii points, and while the competition for shooters on the VC is about as stiff as stiff gets, Zanac still manages to stand out.  
  Ecco Jr. Review
,  To put it mildly, Ecco Jr. lacks the challenge and purpose found in the previous Ecco the Dolphin games. Rather than fix the aimless mazes or collision problems people experienced in the first two games, the developers instead chose to strip away the hazards and breath meter entirely, gearing the third game toward the littlest of little ones.  
  Bladestorm: The Hundred Years' War Review
,  It looks like Koei has finally exhausted Asia. The publisher best known for its takes on Chinese and Japanese history heads to Europe with Bladestorm: The Hundred Years' War. The game is a look at the bloody conflict that spawned a few classic Shakespearean plays and the legend of Joan of Arc. This shift to the West doesn't come without its problems, however. Although the number of troops that cross swords on battlefields is impressive and while the multigenre gameplay that blends action, strategy, and role playing holds at least the promise of innovation, way too much repetition mires the game in mediocrity.  
  Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem Review
,  From beginning to end, Aliens vs. Predator: Requiem is an incredibly easy game. There's not a single moment in this third-person shooter when you feel the least bit challenged, whether in terms of combat, scavenger hunting, or its occasional attempts at platforming. Although it's true that a game's difficulty is hardly the sole indicator of its overall quality, every other part of the game is far too mired in blandness to prevent you from drifting off under the spell of mindlessly simple gameplay.   
  Ontamarama Review
,  Ontamarama is, for lack of a better description, very Japanese. It features an odd mix of frantic tapping and DDR-style button beating, rounded out by crazy-cute anime characters who spout crazy-cute dialogue. It's weird, often fun, and a unique take on the rhythm genre that could work only on the Nintendo DS. Yet the foibles that make it so amusing also make it occasionally frustrating. Additionally, it's a limited package with a very short story mode and no multiplayer, which is an option it absolutely begs for. Yet for all of its idiosyncrasies, Ontamarama is an entertaining game that scratches an admittedly kooky itch.   
  NES Play Action Football Review
,  Sports games are typically rendered obsolete six months to a year after their initial release. However, there are exceptions: Those rare instances when a game is so scrumptiously good that it begs to be played despite the roster being outdated or the graphics going out of style. Sadly, NES Play Action Football is not one of those exceptions. It was weak when it was originally published for the Nintendo Entertainment System back in 1990 and seems even more ridiculous now that it's available for the Wii's Virtual Console.  
  Cooking Mama 2: Dinner With Friends Review
,  A simple collection of cooking-themed minigames with a painfully cheery anime chef lady guiding you through all the slicing, dicing, baking, boiling, or whatever else, Cooking Mama was precisely the sort of simple game that just about anybody who needed a quick, thought-free distraction could pick up and enjoy for a few minutes at a time. Now comes Cooking Mama 2, a game that microwaves some of the leftovers from the first game, tosses some new ingredients on top, and presents itself as a new meal. Little to nothing has been futzed with formulaically, with just a couple of half-baked mode additions and some lame customization elements rounding out the package. The gameplay certainly still has its moments of amusement, and as a quick distraction, it works, especially if you haven't played, or if you haven't yet gotten your fill of, the original game's accessible, quirky gameplay. But if you already played last year's game or just couldn't quite get into it, Cooking Mama 2 probably isn't worth your while.  
  Bladestorm: The Hundred Years' War Review
,  It looks like Koei has finally exhausted Asia. The publisher best known for its takes on Chinese and Japanese history heads to Europe with Bladestorm: The Hundred Years' War. The game is a look at the bloody conflict that spawned a few classic Shakespearean plays and the legend of Joan of Arc. This shift to the West doesn't come without its problems, however. Although the number of troops that cross swords on battlefields is impressive and while the multigenre gameplay that blends action, strategy, and role playing holds at least the promise of innovation, way too much repetition mires the game in mediocrity.  
  Magician Lord Review
,  After playing through Magician Lord on the Wii's Virtual Console, it's easy to see why people were once so quick to plunk their quarters into the local arcade's Neo Geo cabinet just to give the game a go. The 2D graphics are colorful, the beastly enemies are huge, and your hero can transform into a ninja, a samurai, or various elementals. Unfortunately, now that it isn't 1990 anymore, those aspects seem less compelling in light of the game's sluggish pace, stiff controls, and unforgiving difficulty.  
  Trauma Center: New Blood Review
,  A trauma center is a major league hospital, equipped with around-the-clock surgical staff, state-of-the-art equipment, and as much pain and carnage as a 
  Kane & Lynch: Dead Men Review
,  Io Interactive is best known for its stealth-focused Hitman series, but there's nothing quiet and sneaky about its latest release, Kane & Lynch: Dead Men. This time around, the developer put together a crime-themed shooter that starts out with a couple of simple, heist-like objectives and then rapidly spins out of control until, without much warning, you're gunning down soldiers in the middle of a foreign revolution. While the journey sounds interesting at first, and has a few bright points, it's weighed down by bad storytelling, a real lack of character development, and a host of gameplay-related issues. The end result is a game that squanders much of its potential and just doesn't come together as well as it probably should have.  
  Need for Speed ProStreet Review
,  It can't be easy to be a game developer in charge of releasing a new game in a series every year. People don't want the same game over and over, yet they're unhappy if the game strays too far from the established formula. EA deserves credit for trying something different with Need for Speed ProStreet, but the new direction of the series fails to live up to the level of the previous games. There's still a solid racing experience here, and the online component of the Xbox 360 is quite good; but the game's premise is uninteresting and the in-game advertising is over the top. In the end, ProStreet is just another decent but uninspired racing game.  
  Need for Speed ProStreet Review
,  It can't be easy to be a game developer in charge of releasing a new game in a series every year. People don't want the same game over and over, yet they're unhappy if the game strays too far from the established formula. EA deserves credit for trying something different with Need for Speed ProStreet, but the new direction of the series fails to live up to the level of the previous games. There's still a solid racing experience here, and the online component of the Xbox 360 is quite good; but the game's premise is uninteresting and the in-game advertising is over the top. In the end, ProStreet is just another decent but uninspired racing game.  
  Link's Crossbow Training Review
,  When Nintendo first released details on the Wii Zapper, people were skeptical as to how the Big N would convince the public to spend their hard-earned cash on what is essentially a plastic shell designed to hold the Wii Remote and Nunchuk. That answer came when it was announced that the Zapper would come bundled with Link's Crossbow Training, a simple yet fun shooting game with a Legend of Zelda theme.   
  Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn Review
,  The Fire Emblem series of strategy role-playing games is best known for two things: deep, compelling stories and challenging tactical battles. War-devastated nations, subtle political machinations, and young heroes who rise to the occasion of defeating abject evil to save their people have all been hallmarks of the epic stories that take place, and Fire Emblem: Radiant Dawn attempts to follow this tried-and-true storytelling method but somehow gets mired along the way. This is despite the fact that it's a direct sequel to the GameCube's Fire Emblem: Path of Radiance, which had one of the strongest stories of the series. The strong tactical-combat system is thankfully intact, but the difficulty has been bumped up so high that it at times becomes infuriating, and the end result is a game suited only to hardcore fans of the series or of strategy RPGs in general. If you haven't played a Fire Emblem before, this is not the game for you.  
  Boogie Review
,  Boogie was EA's first game built from the ground up for the Wii. It wasn't very good on the Wii and now it's on the PlayStation 2 where, once again, it's not good. The game's premise, which has you sing, dance, and even create your own music videos is an interesting one. However, an interesting premise does not necessarily make for a great game. Such is the case with Boogie. Now that motion controls are out of the picture, dancing is even less interesting than before, the karaoke still doesn't work very well, and the tracklist isn't likely to appeal to the younger audience the game is geared toward.  
  Ultimate Mortal Kombat Review
,  Fighting on the Nintendo DS goes online courtesy of Ultimate Mortal Kombat, a two-game compilation that contains a quality port of Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 and a version of Puzzle Kombat, the MK-themed puzzle game that Midway inserted as an extra in Mortal Kombat: Deception. By itself, as a single-player game, it's a bit of a dud. But if you're a fighting aficionado with a DS and wireless access to the Internet, this is a pretty cool package.  
  Neutopia II Review
,  The original Neutopia was infamous for "borrowing" quite a few concepts from Nintendo's The Legend of Zelda. Despite this, or perhaps because of it, the end result was actually a good offering for TurboGrafx-16 owners who were looking for a legend to call their own. Neutopia II is now available for download from the Wii Virtual Console, and continues what its predecessor started--almost to the letter. It's more intense and packs in more for you to do, but you'll likely suffer bouts of déjà vu while you're doing it.  
  Anubis II Review
,  According to fictional archaeologists, ancient Egypt was overrun by tiny walking pyramids and swarms of killer gnats. They all suffered under a sky the color of banana-flavored baby food, living in terror of a howling wolf dressed up to look like a sarcophagus. These archaeologists then created a platformer called Anubis II in this vision, putting you in the sandals of the wolf and tasking you with defeating an evil... something. Somewhere. What could possibly go wrong?  
  Bee Movie Game Review
,  Like its counterparts on the Wii, PC, PS2, and Xbox 360, the Nintendo DS version of Bee Movie Game lets players explore the 3D world from the movie and tackle numerous missions as the film's hero, Barry B. Benson. However, unlike its console-based siblings, this portable rendition of Bee Movie is short, repetitive, and lacking in variety. At first, you might enjoy playing the minigames, fetching items, and flying back and forth. Soon, though, the relative lack of substance and flair will cause you to lose interest.  
  Bee Movie Game Review
,  Anyone too far over the age of 10 probably won't get much out of Bee Movie Game, but the younger children in your household just may delight in its sweet flavor. The gameplay isn't complicated. In fact, it's usually downright simple. However, the various missions and minigames offer plenty of different things to do, while the cheerful presentation and humor go a long way toward making every minute spent with the game enjoyable.   
  Uncharted: Drake's Fortune Review
,  Uncharted: Drake's Fortune is not a game about new ideas. The gameplay can and has been summed up as "Tomb Raider meets Gears of War," and the story plays almost like an unfilmed 
  Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 Review
,  If you're looking to play this year's Pro Evolution Soccer, you could do worse than check out the PC version. Judged on its own merits, it stacks up well against the console equivalents by looking sharp and playing well, especially if you have a couple of Xbox 360 joypads. However, compared to other sports games, Pro Evolution Soccer is struggling to keep up with the times. The presentation is unpolished, with poor online functionality, mediocre commentary, and few officially licensed teams. More importantly, practically no new features have been added to last year's game while the online gameplay is buggy with frequent lag and disconnection problems. Ultimately, PES 2008 plays a great game of football, but it's starting to seriously fall behind its contemporaries in terms of features.  
  Bee Movie Game Review
,  Anyone too far over the age of 10 probably won't get much out of Bee Movie Game, but the younger children in your household just may delight in its sweet flavor. The gameplay isn't complicated. In fact, it's usually downright simple. However, the various missions and minigames offer plenty of different things to do, while the cheerful presentation and humor go a long way toward making every minute spent with the game enjoyable.   
  Bee Movie Game Review
,  Anyone too far over the age of 10 probably won't get much out of Bee Movie Game, but the younger children in your household just may delight in its sweet flavor. The gameplay isn't complicated. In fact, it's usually downright simple. However, the various missions and minigames offer plenty of different things to do, while the cheerful presentation and humor go a long way toward making every minute spent with the game enjoyable.   
  You Are Empty Review
,  It's hard to imagine how anybody could make the Stalin-era Soviet Union less appealing than it was in reality, but You Are Empty sure does the trick. However, it's not the game's setting in an alt-history 1950's USSR "overrun by mutant communists" that pulls off this nifty trick; it's the gameplay itself. This painful exercise in shooter stupidity from Moscow-based Digital Spray Studios is as pleasant as a gulag getaway, an atrocity that will make buyers wish that their wallets had been empty when they took this package up to the cash register.  
  Need for Speed ProStreet Review
,  It can't be easy to be a game developer in charge of releasing a new game in a series every year. People don't want the same game over and over, yet they're unhappy if the game strays too far from the established formula. EA deserves credit for trying something different with Need for Speed ProStreet, but the new direction of the series fails to live up to the level of the previous games. There's still a solid racing experience here, and the online component of the PC version is quite good. But the game's premise is uninteresting, the in-game advertising is over the top, and it doesn't run particularly well. In the end, ProStreet is just another decent but uninspired racing game.  
  Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker Review
,  The last time we saw a Dragon Quest Monsters game in North America was six years ago on the Game Boy Color, when the franchise still went by the moniker "Dragon Warrior." Importers aside, then, Dragon Quest Monsters: Joker for the Nintendo DS is a triumphant return to the Western world. Boasting gorgeous 3D visuals, a plethora of monsters to capture, and a compulsive monster-breeding system, this entry in the series should keep monster collection fans playing for hours on end. The emphasis on grinding, however, will make newcomers want to approach with caution.  
  Medal of Honor Heroes 2 Review
,  Medal of Honor Heroes was a surprisingly good first-person shooter on a system that was not known for having a whole lot of good first-person shooters. Fans of that game will be pleased to know that although Medal of Honor Heroes 2 brings very little new to the table outside of slightly improved gameplay and an impressive online mode, it's just as fun as its predecessor.   
  Medal of Honor Heroes 2 Review
,  Given that the last game was released just eight months ago, and considering that it wasn't very good, you'd be forgiven for thinking that Medal of Honor Heroes 2 on the Wii would be just another WWII first-person shooter with the same problems as its predecessor. That couldn't be further from the truth. Although the game doesn't break any new ground with regard to its story or mission structure, it improves on the last game in nearly every other way. In fact, Heroes 2 is so good that even Wii owners who have sworn off the WWII genre would do well to give the game a look.  
  Guitar Hero III: Legends of Rock Review
,  Guitar Hero III marks the debut of Activision and RedOctane's wildly popular rock-and-roll rhythm game on the PC, and in most ways, it's a solid one. This is a direct port of the Xbox 360 version of the game, complete with an included wired X-plorer model Xbox 360 controller. The core gameplay remains lots of fun, and the track list is long and varied, offering quite possibly the best setlist of any game in the series to date. If there are any chinks in the armor of this sequel, it's that some of the newer mode additions and a few odd design decisions do more to get in the way of the fun than anything else, and the extreme difficulty of some of the game's more severe songs might end up turning off newer players. And PC owners will have their own unique quirks to deal with, such as puzzlingly high system requirements, sluggish performance, and an online mode that's rather finicky about whether it wants to work or not.  
  SimCity Societies Review
,  There's something not quite right with SimCity Societies. It's a highly casual take on the city-building genre, which isn't bad in and of itself, but it comes across like a politician's campaign speech: rambling on and on, but with no real depth or point. There are a lot of buildings and a lot of decorations, so if you just want to plunk down buildings and make a pretty city, go for it. If you wanted an intricate system of checks and balances to hold it together, or economic depth, or something that would give you any sense of challenge, you won't find it here.  
  Empire Earth III Review
,  Be careful what you wish for. A lot of RTS gamers have been clamoring for a simplified Empire Earth over the past couple of years, finding the first two releases in the series to be a mess of units and eras as incomprehensible as a history textbook after it's been fished out of a blender. So, welcome to Empire Earth III, a shot back at the critics that answers complaints by dumbing the whole game down to utter dreck. While the first two games in the series at least inspired love or hate, this new arrival is so "blah" that it can only elicit a lot of "What the hell happened here?" shrugs.  
  F.E.A.R. Files Review
,  2005's F.E.A.R. for the PC was an excellent example of how to blend atmospheric horror and even more atmospheric gun battles together to make for a great first-person shooting experience. But when F.E.A.R. debuted on the Xbox 360 a year ago, 360 gamers didn't get the Extraction Point expansion that later appeared on the PC. Fast forward a year later, and a second expansion, Perseus Mandate, had also been released for the PC. Accordingly, Sierra has packaged both expansions together into F.E.A.R. Files, a stand-alone package for the Xbox 360.  
  Flight Simulator X: Acceleration Review
,  While you can compile a laundry list of features that make Flight Simulator X a jaw-dropping piece of software, it's the wide variety of aircraft and goal-oriented missions that create such a compelling experience for even the casual flight-sim fan. Microsoft's new add-on, Flight Simulator X: Acceleration, adds more of what makes the sim great, offering three new aircraft, more than 30 new single-player missions, and 19 multiplayer missions/races. If you're a Flight Simulator X aficionado, this expansion pack is a must-have.  
  Culpa Innata Review
,  If only all adventure games began life as projects "to leverage core technologies in 3-D face animation." According to freshman Turkish developer Momentum's Web site, the company originally set out to create a prop to sell facial modeling to TV animation, but it wound up with a really solid point-and-click adventure in Culpa Innata. Open-ended dialogue, an ambitious storyline, lots of intelligent puzzles, and characters boasting lifelike personality and motivation make this an adventure to remember. Only some fit and finish issues and some odd design decisions prevent you from getting totally wrapped up in this unusual tale.  
  BlackSite: Area 51 Review
,  The name "Area 51" immediately evokes a number of things relating to the US government, ranging from secret aircraft test programs to more colorful conspiracies, such as aliens and space ships. In the world of gaming, Midway has used Area 51 in a series of pretty hokey alien-filled games, ranging from light gun shooters that started in arcades to cheesy first-person shooters filled with all kinds of weird conspiracy theories. BlackSite: Area 51 continues the lineage in a more serious manner, but it doesn't necessarily make for a better game overall. The game's strong graphical presentation is overshadowed by its run-of-the-mill gameplay, which is in turn overshadowed by a series of glitches.  
  Smarty Pants Review
,  The Wii's success with people who don't typically play games has resulted in the console being home to an inordinate amount of minigame collections. Finally, someone figured out that these casual players are interested in more than flailing their arms around to win five-second-long challenges. Smarty Pants is a trivia game with 20,000 questions geared toward both kids and adults. It's bare-bones as far as console-based trivia games go, and at $50 it's a good $30 too expensive, but it's still a fun game to break out with groups of friends.  
  Go! Sports Ski Review
,  There's a dearth of snow sports games on the PlayStation 3, specifically skiing games. In fact, Go! Sports Ski, a small downloadable game available for the PlayStation 3 from Sony's PlayStation Network, is the only game in town at this point. Regardless, this so-called "skiing simulator" that's meant to show off the Sixaxis motion controls doesn't do enough--neither in quality nor in quantity--to fill that winter-sports void in a satisfactory manner.  
  BlackSite: Area 51 Review
,  The name "Area 51" immediately evokes a number of things relating to the US government, ranging from secret aircraft test programs to more colorful conspiracies, such as aliens and space ships. In the world of gaming, Midway has used Area 51 in a series of pretty hokey alien-filled games, ranging from light gun shooters that started in arcades to cheesy first-person shooters filled with all kinds of weird conspiracy theories. BlackSite: Area 51 continues the lineage in a more serious manner, but it doesn't necessarily make for a better game overall. The game's strong graphical presentation is overshadowed by its run-of-the-mill gameplay, which is in turn overshadowed by a series of glitches.  
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2008 Review
,  Much ado has been made about the Wii's appeal to audiences outside the normal gaming realm, hence why you often find established franchises and genres taking different approaches when developing for the Wii hardware. That isn't an inherently bad thing, but when you futz with a formula too much for the sake of trying to broaden a game's appeal, sometimes you end up stretching things too far and destroying any appeal whatsoever. The case in point is WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2008, the first wrestling game for the Wii and a real downer for any wrestling fan. In an attempt to simplify the admittedly overcomplicated SmackDown! game design, the developers ended up with a control scheme that is neither responsive enough nor deep enough to hold anyone's attention for more than a few matches. Couple that with the fact that nearly every hallmark feature of the series has been stripped out, and what you're ultimately left with is a hollow shell of a wrestler.  
  Puzzle de Harvest Moon Review
,  Puzzle de Harvest Moon tries to make a competitive puzzle game out of the sorts of farm-related activities that normally occur in the Harvest Moon role-playing games. Up to four players compete to see who can plant, nurture, and harvest crops on a small plot of land. The game is very simple in that each step takes just a second or two and requires only a couple taps of the stylus. Unfortunately, the designers took the simplicity too far. There's hardly any depth or strategy involved, so the whole thing is really just an exercise to see which player can scribble the fastest.  
  King of Clubs Review
,  The basic premise of King of Clubs is simple enough: An enterprising down-and-out gambler has set up a crazy golf (or minigolf, if you prefer) course just outside of Las Vegas, trying to bring some Vegas style to that humblest of sports. He's created five different zones with themes typical of some of Las Vegas' over-the-top establishments: prehistory, ancient Egypt, medieval, tropical, and sci-fi. They all have an intentionally run-down feel to them, but that doesn't add to their charm. Just because the course you're playing on is meant to have been put together on the cheap doesn't excuse the fact that the game itself seems to have been as well.  
  Time Crisis 4 Review
,  As an odd remnant of the bygone days of the arcade, light-gun games have been struggling for relevance for years now. Namco's Time Crisis series--arguably the last franchise to bring anything significant to the genre--attempts to co-opt the popularity of free-movement first-person shooters with Time Crisis 4 for the PlayStation 3, but it misses the point. What you're left with is some pretty straightforward shoot-and-duck light-gun gameplay shot through with stale FPS action and some clumsy motion controls.  
  Mario Party DS Review
,  To say that Mario Party DS is just a collection of competitive minigames is like saying the Louvre is just a warehouse of paintings. These quick tests of skill aren't the usual sort of generic button-mashers you'd normally find in games of this type. Nintendo and Hudson have come up with a spectacular set of "pick up and play" challenges for this handheld installment of the ongoing franchise. They've also crammed it full of play modes and have lavished it with the sort of cheerful polish you've come to expect from Nintendo-branded games. Best of all, the developers have made it so that you need only a single cartridge to get a party going with as many as four people.  
  Rayman Raving Rabbids 2 Review
,  Ubisoft's Rayman franchise took a sharp and perhaps unexpectedly successful turn in last year's Rayman Raving Rabbids. The one-time platforming hero went the minigame-collection route, and in doing so introduced the world to the most dementedly entertaining bunch of lagomorphs since Bugs Bunny's heyday. The game was a success both because of its delightfully slapstick sense of humor and its solid use of the Wii's motion controls for a variety of twisted games. Now, one year later, Rayman Raving Rabbids 2 is on store shelves. This is an altogether predictable follow-up. It puts the rabbids in a mixture of familiar and different-feeling minigames that, unfortunately, aren't quite as engaging as what the first game offered. Likewise, the previous game's goofy humor isn't as spot-on here, with gags more inclined to elicit a mild smirk than any hearty laughter. Nevertheless, the increased multiplayer focus makes playing with your friends quite a bit more entertaining here than in the original game, and there are still some moments when the rabbids' unique brand of collective psychosis shines through.  
  Beowulf: The Game Review
,  "Even monsters have a mother," says the cursed Danish king in Ubisoft's new Beowulf: The Game. But unlike monsters, video games have many mothers, and we don't mean just their dev teams. Take Beowulf, for instance. With its ultraviolent combat, extravagant boss fights, hypermacho hero, and cinematic, button-prompted beatdowns, this game of the movie of the poem borrows traits from several great games of the past but fails to live up to any of them.   
  Beowulf: The Game Review
,  "Even monsters have a mother," says the cursed Danish king in Ubisoft's new Beowulf: The Game. But unlike monsters, video games have many mothers, and we don't mean just their dev teams. Take Beowulf, for instance. With its ultraviolent combat, extravagant boss fights, hypermacho hero, and cinematic, button-prompted beatdowns, this game of the movie of the poem borrows traits from several great games of the past but fails to live up to any of them.   
  Silent Hill Origins Review
,  When you think of Silent Hill, what jumps to mind? A foggy town? Cryptic dialogue? Walls dripping with blood? Well, the good news is that Silent Hill Origins has all those things. That alone should please series fans who are looking to developer Climax's prequel to provide plenty of atmosphere and further expand on the Silent Hill mythos. But in this case, the good news is also the bad news because from a gameplay perspective, Origins is exactly what you would expect, delivering an entirely conventional adventure that relies on eight-year-old franchise hallmarks at the expense of anything truly new.  
  Beowulf: The Game Review
,  "Even monsters have a mother," says the cursed Danish king in Ubisoft's new Beowulf: The Game. But unlike monsters, video games have many mothers, and we don't mean just their dev teams. Take Beowulf, for instance. With its ultraviolent combat, extravagant boss fights, hypermacho hero, and cinematic, button-prompted beatdowns, this game of the movie of the poem borrows traits from several great games of the past but fails to live up to any of them.   
  Spy Games: Elevator Mission Review
,  By any standard, Spy Games: Elevator Mission is a remarkably awful title. Its shallow gameplay feels better suited as a free online flash game, as opposed to a budget priced retail product. For a Wii first-person shooter, the precision aiming gained from the remote is squandered by an otherwise clunky control scheme. And worst of all, it's just plain boring. A game this bad should offer at least 
  Warhammer 40,000: Squad Command Review
,  Certain types of games just don't easily mesh with handheld systems. A good case in point is the turn-based tactical simulation, which is awfully tricky to pull off successfully without a mouse on which to fall back. Warhammer 40,000: Squad Command could have been a contender if it had only come out on a platform better able to host this style of game. Control limitations of the Sony PSP and some design miscues make this a near miss most appreciated by Warhammer fans too hot for the license to notice any of the game's problems.  
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2008 Review
,  You don't get many bells and whistles with WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2008 for the Nintendo DS. However, what you do get is a solid portable wrestling game that manages to accurately depict the look and feel of the matches and storylines you see on television every week.  
  EA Playground Review
,  Picture a playground you enjoyed going to when you were a kid. Maybe it was at your school, a local park, or even in a friend's spacious backyard. It featured a jungle gym, or some big ol' structure with slides attached, or some such variation. You ran around on the gravel, wood chips, grass, or dirt, and bounced balls off of hard surfaces, both horizontal and vertical. It was a big place where you could just as easily play sports as hunt bugs, and the possibilities for fun were as limitless as your imagination. Now, put that image aside because we're going to talk about EA Playground, which is the antithesis of that happy memory. Instead, it's a dull, uninspired collection of simplistic minigames played on a tiny screen, and it would be hard to recommend even on a rainy day.  
  FIFA Soccer 08 Review
,  You've got to hand it to EA Sports--whatever the platform, the developer knows how to take advantage of the hardware. FIFA 08 for the PlayStation Portable offers pretty much everything you could ask of a handheld football game, with local and online multiplayer, multiple game modes, and the ability to transfer data to and from the PlayStation 2. It also plays a solid game of football, and while it's not up to the standard of the home console versions, it's definitely fun to play.  
  Call of Duty 4 Review
,  The Nintendo DS rendition of Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare delivers every ounce of action and suspense as the console versions, save for the awesome online play. In this portable first-person shooter, you play the role of a special forces operative who has to stop terrorists from detonating a nuclear weapon. Your travels take you to various locations in Russia and the Middle East, where you'll unleash a wide variety of realistic weapons against the bad guys who constantly appear as you make your way through each 3D environment. The controls, environment layouts, and CPU behavior in the DS game aren't as nicely put together as they are in the console versions, but those rough spots really don't take away all that much from the couple of days' worth of Jack Bauer-style escapades that the single-player campaign provides. However, the DS version doesn't offer any of the online modes that its console counterparts do, which means that your interest in the game will probably wane significantly after you complete that initial play-through.  
  Alien Soldier Review
,  For Megadrive (aka Sega Genesis) owners living in Japan or Europe, Alien Soldier was their last hurrah before the 16-bit consoles gave way to the 32-bit Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation. And what a hurrah it was: a visually intense 2D action game made up almost entirely of boss battles. Sadly, players in North America weren't invited to the party. Now, some 12 years later, however, Sega has taken the necessary steps to correct that oversight by making Alien Soldier available as a download for the Wii's Virtual Console service.   
  Fire Pro Wrestling Returns Review
,  Fire Pro Wrestling has a much longer and storied history than the pair of GBA titles that have come to North America. This series has existed since the TurboGrafx era in Japan, with multiple entries appearing on that console, as well as the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Sega Saturn, Dreamcast, and PlayStation 2. None of those console games have come to the US--that is, until now. Publisher Agetec has brought Fire Pro Wrestling Returns to North American PlayStation 2s, and at the discount rate of $14.99 at that. Granted, this game is kind of a tough sale. With its decidedly ancient graphics, arcane menus, deceptively complex gameplay, and roster of largely unfamiliar wrestlers, Fire Pro Returns practically screams "go away!" to anyone who likes easy to pick up wrestling games that are full of familiar faces. But even for all its peculiarities, Fire Pro's  enjoyable gameplay, as well as nifty roster of modes and features, make it worth a look for wrestling fans hunting for something a bit different.  
  EA Playground Review
,  At first glance, EA Playground likely won't bear much similarity to any playground you've encountered. Vibrant green grass covers the ground, children with massive heads frolic on pristine play structures, and there's nary a scraped knee in sight. Thus, you encounter EA's vision of an idealized playground, one in which everything is controlled with button presses and wiggle waggles. The games available herein cover a wide range, from Dodgeball and Tetherball to Slot Car and Paper Airplane Racing. Some are generic, while some actually manage to capture a kind of fun that is indeed reminiscent of the game's namesake. These few standout games, along with the breadth of the other activities, make EA Playground a game worth a recess.  
  Word Puzzle Review
,  Word Puzzle is an Xbox Live Arcade game that, in a very literal way, lives up to its name. This is, in fact, a puzzle involving words, but not one that has much to offer the type of folks who enjoy wordplay enough to want to make a game out of it. To put a finer point on it, Word Puzzle is little more than a gussied-up word search--arguably one of the lowest forms of word puzzles--and it seems that as much effort was put into making the experience interesting as was put into naming the game.  
  Crash of the Titans Review
,  Those of you who have been waiting patiently to play another traditional 3D adventure starring Crash Bandicoot will want to check out Crash of the Titans for the Nintendo DS. It contains 23 levels' worth of platform-jumping, enemy thrashing, and box breaking. Basically, everything that Crash fans crave is in here. However, there's also a nifty new twist: Crash can control his enemies.  
  Naruto: Clash of Ninja Revolution Review
,  Naruto: Clash of Ninja Revolution is an anime-based fighting game with a backstory that's more interesting than the game itself. The game was released earlier this year in Japan as Naruto Shippūden: Gekitou Ninja Taisen EX, which featured the teenage versions of the Naruto characters, as seen in the Naruto Shippūden anime series currently running in Japan. Since Shippūden hasn't made it to the US yet, publisher D3 chose to gut all of the older characters, along with the main storyline, and replace them with the younger versions that American audiences would be familiar with, and a story to go along with it. It's a move that makes a certain amount of sense, except that the result is a game that, aside from some remote-waggling control options, is nearly identical to the Clash of Ninja games that previously appeared on the GameCube. Those games were already fluffy pieces of fan service that were liberal about recycling content, and Clash of Ninja Revolution ends up all the more inessential for it.  
  Aqua Teen Hunger Force Zombie Ninja Pro-Am Review
,  Aqua Teen Hunger Force Zombie Ninja Pro-Am is a bad game, and it knows it. Much the way that the 
  Neutopia Review
,  Hudson Soft gave TurboGrafx-16 owners a Legend of Zelda to call their own with Neutopia, an action adventure that was the spitting image of the Nintendo Entertainment System classic. You can see just how much of an imitation Neutopia is now that it's on the Wii's Virtual Console, but if you can look past the mimicry, you'll also find a rather engaging experience.  
  Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance Review
,  It's hard to come up with a real-time strategy game that's as large and ambitious as Supreme Commander, which came out at the beginning of this year. The spiritual successor to 1997's famed Total Annihilation, Supreme Commander is a sci-fi strategy game that occurs on a scale far larger than regular RTS games. With battlefields that are as large as 40-by-40 square kilometers (or even 81-by-81 in skirmish and multiplayer), the game offers a lot of flexibility and room. When you flash forward to the end of the year, we get Supreme Commander: Forged Alliance. What's impressive is the amount of stuff that developer Gas Powered Games has managed to squeeze into the standalone expansion in relatively little time.  
  Hellgate: London Review
,  Hellgate: London is a likeable action role-playing game that answers the question "What would happen if you took all the loot lust from Diablo and fit it into a first-person shooter?" OK, maybe you weren't asking that question, but Hellgate is an interesting game. It will probably come into its own after a few more patches, but right now, it has almost as many issues as strengths.  
  Showtime Championship Boxing Review
,  Boxing games typically come in two flavors: the cartoon punchfests à la Ready to Rumble and the more realistic Fight Night-esque simulation games. With the release of Showtime Championship Boxing, you can add a new flavor to that list: an ugly mixture of both approaches that results in a fetid stew, heavy on the clunky animations and shoddy gameplay, and light on longevity and fun.  
  Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga Review
,  LucasArts and Traveller's Tales happened upon an alchemical combination of nostalgia with the 2005 release of Lego Star Wars, a jovial action adventure game that mined a pan-generational affection for both George Lucas' space opera and those colorful Danish building blocks. Its 2006 sequel was better, largely because it was based on the original trilogy rather than the prequels. Now Traveller's Tales has wrapped the contents of both games into a single package with Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga. That's a great deal of content, and if you haven't played either Lego Star Wars games, this is a solid package made even better by improved graphics, new levels, and online cooperative play. If you 
  Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga Review
,  LucasArts and Traveller's Tales happened upon an alchemical combination of nostalgia with the 2005 release of Lego Star Wars, a jovial action adventure game that mined a pan-generational affection for both George Lucas' space opera and those colorful Danish building blocks. Its 2006 sequel was better, largely because it was based on the original trilogy rather than the prequels. Now Traveller's Tales has wrapped the contents of both games into a single package with Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga. That's a great deal of content, and if you haven't played either Lego Star Wars games, this is a solid package made even better by improved graphics, new levels, and online cooperative play. If you 
  Dementium: The Ward Review
,  Is it possible to be legitimately spooked by a handheld game? Console games have been designed to make use of the home field advantages of having a large screen and complete control over lighting to enhance the experience for years, but when you're playing on a tiny screen on the bus, can the experience compare? The answer, as proven by FPS-with-a-dash-of-survival horror Dementium: The Ward, is a resounding yes, though its inherent flaws prevent it from truly becoming that which it aspires to be.  
  SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Tactical Strike Review
,  If you played any of the Full Spectrum Warrior titles, you probably have a good idea of what to expect from the awkwardly titled SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Tactical Strike. That is to say, this isn't a typical shooter in the vein of most SOCOM titles. Rather, it's a strategy game in which you stealthily maneuver a team of four Navy SEALs through sprawling, labyrinthine levels. You don't control any of the squadmates directly; rather, you issue abstract commands to shoot, throw grenades, snipe, move, and more--and the artificial intelligence handles the rest with surprising efficiency. It's a tight, satisfying gameplay model that's fundamentally enjoyable. You will have to overcome some obstacles to fully enjoy it, though, in the form of a cumbersome camera, lengthy loading times, and often unbearably laggy online play. These aren't ruinous factors by any stretch, but they do impact the overall experience.   
  Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga Review
,  LucasArts and Traveller's Tales happened upon an alchemical combination of nostalgia with the 2005 release of Lego Star Wars, a jovial action adventure game that mined a pan-generational affection for both George Lucas' space opera and those colorful Danish building blocks. Its 2006 sequel was better, largely because it was based on the original trilogy rather than the prequels. Now Traveller's Tales has wrapped the contents of both games into a single package with Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga. That's a great deal of content, and if you haven't played either Lego Star Wars games, this is a solid package made even better by improved graphics, new levels, and online cooperative play. If you 
  Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 Review
,  UK REVIEW--Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer is something of a puzzle in its 2008 iteration. The series feels at home on the PlayStation 2 at a time when it's completely failing to take advantage of the PlayStation 3. Where technological resources are lower, the game offers more features and better playability, and it's the definitive console version of the game. It features noticeably smoother player animations and substantially more game modes than the other console versions, as well as a fluid, polished game engine. However, the game just hasn't changed enough to warrant an upgrade, while the online mode lags too much to be playable at this stage.  
  Thrillville: Off the Rails Review
,  Many games promise that they're "fun for the entire family," but very few actually deliver an experience that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults alike. Thrillville: Off the Rails is one game that makes good on this promise. Whether building your own amusement park or playing the games and riding the rides, there's never a shortage of ways to have fun. Thanks to the inclusion of 50 minigames, Off the Rails is one of the better party games out there as well.   
  Football Manager 2008 Review
,  Football Manager 2008 is one of those rare games in that it knows exactly what it's trying to do, sticks to that plan religiously, and does it very well indeed. It places you as a fresh-faced manager in charge of almost any professional team in Europe, with control over everything from season ticket prices to your player's individual training schedules and match-day tactics. You can control your team over as many seasons as you wish, with new young players being generated by the system to keep it fresh until the next database update. You can play in an attempt to get yourself the best management job you can, start as an unknown, or just for the glory of the team. It's entirely up to you.   
  The Witcher Review
,  Don't be afraid of change. Even though The Witcher may scare off some people with inventive combat that replaces comfortable old rapid-fire clicking with rhythmic sword swinging, there is no need to avoid one of the deepest, most adult role-playing games to hit the PC in years. Polish developer CD Projekt has crafted one of those landmark games that moves the goalposts for everybody, a truly grown-up take on swords and sorcery that breaks just about every fantasy tradition in the book. Once you experience a grimy medieval world so realistic that you can practically smell it, quests that reject simplistic good and evil for ambiguous "decisions and consequences," and, yes, newfangled battle mechanics that add welcome twists to left-click scrapping, you'll find it awfully hard to go back to the usual D&D rip-off.  
  Thrillville: Off the Rails Review
,  Many games promise that they're "fun for the entire family," but very few actually deliver an experience that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults alike. Thrillville: Off the Rails is one game that makes good on this promise. Whether building your own amusement park or playing the games and riding the rides, there's never a shortage of ways to have fun. Thanks to the inclusion of 50 minigames, Off the Rails is one of the better party games out there as well.   
  Thrillville: Off the Rails Review
,  Many games promise that they're "fun for the entire family," but very few actually deliver an experience that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults alike. Thrillville: Off the Rails is one game that makes good on this promise. Whether building your own amusement park or playing the games and riding the rides, there's never a shortage of ways to have fun. Thanks to the inclusion of 50 minigames, Off the Rails is one of the better party games out there as well.   
  MotoGP 07 Review
,  Don't let the name fool you. This is not the PlayStation 2 debut of THQ and Climax's long-running and critically acclaimed motorcycle racing series. Capcom now has the MotoGP license, and the inaugural game of the series has now arrived with little fanfare and on a last-generation system. The relatively subdued debut aside, MotoGP 07 is a decent start for the series, one that overcomes its flat-out ugly graphics with plenty of challenge and a good sense of two-wheeled gusto.  
  Thrillville: Off the Rails Review
,  Many games promise that they're "fun for the entire family," but very few actually deliver an experience that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults alike. Thrillville: Off the Rails is one game that makes good on this promise. Whether building your own amusement park or playing the games and riding the rides, there's never a shortage of ways to have fun. Thanks to the inclusion of 50 minigames, Off the Rails is one of the better party games out there as well.   
  Thrillville: Off the Rails Review
,  Many games promise that they're "fun for the entire family," but very few actually deliver an experience that can be enjoyed by both kids and adults alike. Thrillville: Off the Rails is one game that makes good on this promise. Whether building your own amusement park or playing the games and riding the rides, there's never a shortage of ways to have fun. Thanks to the inclusion of 50 minigames, Off the Rails is one of the better party games out there as well.   
  Castlevania II: Simon's Quest Review
,  In the original Castlevania, you journeyed up multiple floors of a castle, merrily whipping zombies and Dracula's generals until you reached the throne room and unleashed your fury against the Count himself. However, as it turns out, old Drac cast a deadly curse on you right when you dealt the fatal blow. So now, in Castlevania II: Simon's Quest, you have to break the curse by--get this--recovering the Count's body parts from the various monster-filled mansions the villagers socked them away in. That's not the only twist, either. This second installment does away with the linear level structure from the first game and instead lets you explore a contiguous world of towns, mansions, and haunted wilderness at your leisure.  
  Samurai Ghost Review
,  In 1992, Namco produced a side-scrolling action game for the TurboGrafx-16 called Samurai Ghost. You haven't heard of it because few people bought it back then, and those who did hated it. It was complete garbage. This garbage is now available as a download from the Wii's Virtual Console service.  
  Shining in the Darkness Review
,  Sega's role-playing Shining series got its start winding through some deep, dark corridors. Shining in the Darkness is the progenitor of the whole line, from the turn-based strategy series Shining Force to the hack-and-slashfests of Shining Soul and everything that gleams in-between. However, aside from the art and musical direction, this dungeon crawler shares little in common with its more complex descendants. This is a first-person, turn-based hack through some of the most fiendish labyrinths ever to grace the Sega Genesis, and it's a test of both perseverance and patience. There are reasons that games like this just aren't made anymore, but at 800 Wii points (about $8), if you've got a serious hankering for twisty mazes, hidden treasures, and hordes of monsters, then Shining in the Darkness can scratch the itch.  
  Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games Review
,  If back in 1990 you had told either a Nintendo or Sega fanboy that both Mario and Sonic would be appearing together in a game in 2007, they would have told you that you were completely insane. Well, the unthinkable 
  Disgaea: Afternoon of Darkness Review
,  When Disgaea originally came out for the PlayStation 2 in 2003, its cutesy graphics, intensely humorous story, and powerful gameplay systems quickly made it a favorite of the fans of the strategy role-playing game genre. Now a sequel and four years later, the original has been faithfully ported to the PSP system with an extra story mode, a slick widescreen presentation, and ad-hoc multiplayer, all of which stacks new layers of replayability on an already highly replayable game. For anyone with a PSP and an interest in strategy RPGs, Disgaea: Afternoon of Darkness belongs in your collection.  
  Fury Review
,  Fury is what Guild Wars would be like if it got fat and addicted to amphetamines. On one hand, it's got a chaotic action element that is so fast-paced you feel out of control. On the other, it's got a bloated selection of spells and skills--some useful, some imbalanced, some pointless. Add an awkward interface, a myriad of technical issues, and a glorified game lobby masquerading as a fantasy world, and you've got an online fiasco without much of a future.   
  Battalion Wars 2 Review
,  The original Battalion Wars seemed like a great idea: an Advance Wars spin-off with as much action as strategy, where you could command an army's entire force while also wrecking house from the cockpit of a chopper, or running around in the body of a grunt. It was a cool game, but it didn't quite live up to its potential. As a sequel, Battalion Wars 2 delivers a superior single-player campaign, as well as decent online play for owners of Nintendo's elusive Wii. With several of the same problems as its predecessor, this second world war will hardly take the world by storm, but it may capture your imagination for awhile.  
  Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal Review
,  Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal is a third-person action romp that blatantly borrows a number of concepts from Sony's Ratchet & Clank series. In a nutshell, you work your way through large 3D environments and lay waste to the enemies you encounter using the characters' comical kung fu attacks or the different Acme-inspired weapons that are available within each area. If you disregard the fact that gun violence is very out of character for the Looney Tunes gang, then the game's biggest problem is that it tries to copy Ratchet & Clank but doesn't actually come anywhere close to delivering the same amount of fun or variety that the typical Ratchet & Clank game does. The action is boring, and the presentation is half-hearted and almost devoid of humor. Furthermore, thanks to the sloppy programming, the simple act of playing the game often feels like an exercise in frustration.  
  The Simpsons Game Review
,  The Simpsons Game is a very strange animal. On the one hand, it's the sort of rote, generally uninteresting action platformer that dozens of high-profile licenses have cribbed for nefarious game-making purposes over the years. Yet, at the same time, this is a game that 
  Painkiller: Overdose Review
,  Although more than three years have passed since Painkiller first shot up hard drives, this deeply unfashionable shooter series hasn't done any growing up since 2004. And thank the gods for that. Not too many developers are bothering with old-school shooters anymore, so it's a real pleasure to blast through such a gleefully stupid stand-alone expansion pack like Painkiller: Overdose. All of the design attributes that made the original game as subtle as blunt-force trauma are back for more, including monsters that seem to have escaped from an Iron Maiden album cover, as well as slice-and-dice weapons that wouldn't be out of place in a torture chamber. Only some technical difficulties and the nagging sense of déjà vu interfere with the bloody good time on offer here.  
  Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal Review
,  Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal is a third-person action romp that blatantly borrows a number of concepts from Sony's Ratchet & Clank series. In a nutshell, you work your way through large 3D environments and lay waste to the enemies you encounter using the characters' comical kung fu attacks or the different Acme-inspired weapons that are available within each area. If you disregard the fact that gun violence is very out of character for the Looney Tunes gang, then the game's biggest problem is that it tries to copy Ratchet & Clank but doesn't actually come anywhere close to delivering the same amount of fun or variety that the typical Ratchet & Clank game does. The action is boring, and the presentation is half-hearted and almost devoid of humor. Furthermore, thanks to the sloppy programming, the simple act of playing the game often feels like an exercise in frustration.  
  The Simpsons Game Review
,  The Simpsons Game is a very strange animal. On the one hand, it's the sort of rote, generally uninteresting action platformer that dozens of high-profile licenses have cribbed for nefarious game-making purposes over the years. Yet, at the same time, this is a game that 
  Mutant Storm Empire Review
,  If nothing else, Xbox Live Arcade has proved that there are plenty of different ways to make a dual joystick shooter. You can go the old arcade route with something like Robotron, you can make it into a more scrolling adventure, like Assault Heroes, or you can make it, well, something in-between. Mutant Storm Empire is something in-between those two things, following up on Mutant Storm Reloaded by keeping some of the same sort of visual style while making dramatic changes to the gameplay and setting. But look, by now you've probably already decided that you're totally into these types of games or that you couldn't care less about them. Mutant Storm Empire is a good one, but it's not going to change your mind about the genre either way.  
  Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal Review
,  Looney Tunes: Acme Arsenal is a third-person action romp that blatantly borrows a number of concepts from Sony's Ratchet & Clank series. In a nutshell, you work your way through large 3D environments and lay waste to the enemies you encounter using the characters' comical kung fu attacks or the different Acme-inspired weapons that are available within each area. If you disregard the fact that gun violence is very out of character for the Looney Tunes gang, then the game's biggest problem is that it tries to copy Ratchet & Clank but doesn't actually come anywhere close to delivering the same amount of fun or variety that the typical Ratchet & Clank game does. The action is boring, and the presentation is half-hearted and almost devoid of humor. Furthermore, thanks to the sloppy programming, the simple act of playing the game often feels like an exercise in frustration.  
  Digimon World: Dawn/Dusk Review
,  There's an old saying that goes, "second verse, same as the first." That just about sums up Digimon World: Dawn and Digimon World: Dusk, both for the Nintendo DS. Apart from a few trivial enhancements that make it easier to train your virtual monsters and challenge your friends to wireless duels, the two versions of this so-called new game really don't offer much above the previous Digimon World that was released the year before. Once again, diehard Digimon fans will probably be able to forgive the game's phoned-in nature, while those not totally enamored with the franchise will probably shake their head at this plodding, half-hearted take on the monster battle genre.  
  TimeShift Review
,  Given TimeShift's long, tumultuous development cycle that saw the game change platforms, swap publishers, and miss several release dates, it's surprising the game has made it to stores at all. So it's too bad that TimeShift isn't really worth the wait, thanks to a barely-there story, extremely rudimentary puzzles, and tired first-person shooter objectives like going through an entire level just to push a button. It does have some redeeming features, though. It's fun to pause time and whale on helpless soldiers, and some of the weapons are really satisfying to shoot.   
  TimeShift Review
,  Given TimeShift's long, tumultuous development cycle that saw the game change platforms, swap publishers, and miss several release dates, it's surprising the game has made it to stores at all. So it's too bad that TimeShift isn't really worth the wait, thanks to a barely-there story, extremely rudimentary puzzles, and tired first-person shooter objectives like going through an entire level just to push a button. It does have some redeeming features, though. It's fun to pause time and whale on helpless soldiers, and some of the weapons are really satisfying to shoot.   
  Stranglehold Review
,  It would be very easy for the average person to take one look at Stranglehold and write it off as a Max Payne rip-off. That's because, in a sort of roundabout way, it is. Midway and John Woo's video game sequel to the director's classic Hong Kong action flick 
  Lunar Pool Review
,  If billiards and miniature golf conceived a child on the moon, the newborn would be Lunar Pool, a goofy and obscure Nintendo Entertainment System game now available for download from the Wii Virtual Console service. However, don't let its low profile and bland appearance fool you. Despite a smattering of issues, Lunar Pool is novel enough to take the time to explore.  
  Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 Review
,  UK REVIEW--Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer was already looking a little stretched last year, and the 2008 edition takes the series to the breaking point. Instead of improving on last year's game, it offers no noteworthy new features. Some of the smaller gameplay tweaks make the game more enjoyable to play overall, but an equal number are frustrating and feel unnecessary. Most critically, the game features an unacceptable level of slowdown in both online and offline play. It makes you wonder what Shingo Takatsuka and his team have been doing for the last year, and it's bound to infuriate the many people who've been waiting for a PlayStation 3 version of the game.  
  Manhunt 2 Review
,  A lot has been made about Manhunt 2's supposedly ultraviolent content. It depicts a lot of grisly murders, gruesome decapitations, and a few swift kicks to the genitals for good measure. It's not as bloody as you'd expect, though: The much-ballyhooed blurring added to the most extreme acts makes it occasionally difficult to see exactly what bloodthirsty rages you're subjecting your victims to. However, don't take this to mean that Manhunt 2 doesn't deserve its M rating. After all, there's still plenty of gore, sex, and adult language to go around. There's also some solid, stealthy gameplay to back up all the eviscerations. It's got some problems, but there's a lot here for patient gamers to sink their teeth into. This isn't a series of random, bloody tantrums--it's a calculated study in what drives a man to madness, and to what extremes he will go to discover the truth.  
  Pro Evolution Soccer 2008 Review
,  UK REVIEW--Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer was already looking a little stretched last year, and the 2008 edition takes the series to the breaking point. Instead of improving on last year's game, it offers no noteworthy new features. Some of the smaller gameplay tweaks make the game more enjoyable to play overall, but an equal number are frustrating and feel unnecessary, while the subpar online mode of last year's game has barely been improved. It makes you wonder what Shingo Takatsuka and his team have been doing for the past year.  
  Virtua Fighter 5 Review
,  It's been a bumpy ride with its share of disappointment, but the quest to bring fighting games kicking and screaming into homes with smooth online play seems to be nearing its end. And it's just in time because the ability to find competition anytime, anywhere is just the sort of thing this style of game needs to be successful. Sega's Virtua Fighter 5 is the next fighting game to take the plunge into online play, and it does so quite well.  
  Viva Piñata: Party Animals Review
,  Even a year after its original release, Viva Piñata remains an inexplicable game. The candy-colored visuals, highly marketable characters, and animated TV series that accompanied the game made it pretty apparent that Microsoft was looking to conjure up a kid-powered, Pokémon-style franchise. The game itself, however, was a relatively complex and slow-paced strategy game, featuring a level of depth and sophistication that was at odds with its cute, lively persona. By contrast, Viva Piñata: Party Animals is neither deep nor sophisticated, transplanting the anthropomorphic piñatas into a game that wants to be both a kart-racing game and a minigame collection, but it's not very good at either. The simplicity and familiarity of Party Animals probably makes it a better fit for Viva Piñata's target audience, and the party-time visuals are still busy and vibrant, but the gameplay is so rote and so uninspired that the charm wears off pretty quickly.   
  Ninja Gaiden II: The Dark Sword of Chaos Review
,  The Nintendo Entertainment System was home to many mean-spirited games, and Ninja Gaiden was a prime example. It beat you down, chewed you up, and spit you out. But it also dragged you back with its fast action, sweet ninja powers, and excellent controls. Now, Ninja Gaiden II: The Dark Sword of Chaos is available for the Wii's Virtual Console and like its predecessor, you'll cry foul at the game's sadistic nature yet still find yourself clawing through the pain to conquer its insane challenge.  
  Battlestar Galactica Review
,  
  The Simpsons Game Review
,  The Simpsons Game is a very strange animal. On the one hand, it's the sort of rote, generally uninteresting action platformer that dozens of high-profile licenses have cribbed for nefarious game-making purposes over the years. Yet, at the same time, this is a game that 
  Battlestar Galactica Review
,  
  The Simpsons Game Review
,  The Simpsons Game is a very strange animal. On the one hand, it's the sort of rote, generally uninteresting action platformer that dozens of high-profile licenses have cribbed for nefarious game-making purposes over the years. Yet, at the same time, this is a game that 
  Clive Barker's Jericho Review
,  Clive Barker's Jericho is an inconsistent first-person shooter, alternating between moments of pure, atmospheric greatness and irritating design paradoxes that suck the fun out of the gameplay. For every incredible set piece--a battle in a Roman gladiator arena, fearful attacks by ghostly children--there is a frustrating sequence that puts every shortcoming in the game proudly on display. There's a lot going on, and sometimes it comes together exquisitely. More often, Jericho's various elements get in the way of one another, creating a game you'll love one moment and hate the next.  
  Clive Barker's Jericho Review
,  Clive Barker's Jericho is an inconsistent first-person shooter, alternating between moments of pure, atmospheric greatness and irritating design paradoxes that suck the fun out of the gameplay. For every incredible set piece--a battle in a Roman gladiator arena, fearful attacks by ghostly children--there is a frustrating sequence that puts every shortcoming in the game proudly on display. There's a lot going on, and sometimes it comes together exquisitely. More often, Jericho's various elements get in the way of one another, creating a game you'll love one moment and hate the next.  
  Buzz!: The Mega Quiz Review
,  The Buzz! series of quiz games on the PlayStation 2 is quite popular overseas, but until now none of the games have been released in North America. Thanks to Buzz! The Mega Quiz, we now know what we were missing: a lighthearted trivia game geared toward adults that's fun for anyone who enjoys Trivial Pursuit or You Don't Know Jack.  
  Clive Barker's Jericho Review
,  Clive Barker's Jericho is an inconsistent first-person shooter, alternating between moments of pure, atmospheric greatness and irritating design paradoxes that suck the fun out of the gameplay. For every incredible set piece--a battle in a Roman gladiator arena, fearful attacks by ghostly children--there is a frustrating sequence that puts every shortcoming in the game proudly on display. There's a lot going on, and sometimes it comes together exquisitely. More often, Jericho's various elements get in the way of one another, creating a game you'll love one moment and hate the next.  
  Tomb Raider: Anniversary Review
,  Although years of sequels that ranged from unremarkable to borderline offensive did a lot to tarnish the Tomb Raider name, developer Crystal Dynamics undid a lot of damage with last year's Tomb Raider: Legend. That game focused on the strengths of the series--exotic locales, thoughtful puzzles, and incredible acrobatics--while modernizing the gameplay, as well as streamlining the whole experience. Crystal Dynamics continues its good work with Tomb Raider: Anniversary, which effectively goes back to the original Tomb Raider and rebuilds it from scratch. Anniversary has now arrived on the Xbox 360, looking as good and playing about as well as it did on the PC earlier this year.  
  Castlevania: The Dracula X Chronicles Review
,  Castlevania: The Dracula X Chronicles for the PSP collects two (or three, depending on how you look at it) separate installments of Konami's Castlevania series together on a single disc. The formerly Japanese-exclusive Dracula X: Rondo of Blood represents two of the three games on the disc. You can play this old-school classic in its remade form, which features 3D graphics and newly recorded music and voice acting. Alternately, you can play it just as PC Engine CD-ROM owners experienced it back in 1993, with its original music and 2D graphics, as well as your choice of the original Japanese dialogue or a new English translation. The third game on the disc is a rendition of Castlevania: Symphony of the Night that boasts some miscellaneous improvements over the PlayStation and Xbox 360 versions you might already be familiar with.  
  Ninja Jajamaru-kun Review
,  Getting the chance to download and play games that weren't originally released in the West is one of the better perks of the Wii's Virtual Console service. However, not all of the imports that companies put up for sale on the service are worth your time or money. Case in point: Ninja Jajamaru-kun, a simplistic 2D action game for the Nintendo Entertainment System that's downright shoddy even when evaluated by 1985's standards.  
  Mega Man ZX Advent	Review
,  To say that Mega Man ZX Advent is a step in the right direction from its predecessor would be very much like saying that the surface of the sun is hot: Both are accurate statements, but neither really gets the point across as well as it probably should. Perhaps a more suitable thing to say is that Mega Man ZX Advent includes a complete overhaul of the arcane and largely useless map system that bogged down its predecessor, all while keeping the difficulty setting cranked to 11, the environments varied, and the Metroid-esque gameplay intact. As with the original, fans of the more classically styled Mega Man games--specifically the Mega Man X and Mega Man Zero series--will feel immediately comfortable with it, and its amped-up difficulty will earn it a place in the heart of any side-scrolling platformer masochist itching for a portable fix. Unfortunately, the improvements made to the game's map system and its more intuitive use of the touch screen are undermined by its rehashed story and terrible voice acting, making Mega Man ZX Advent a worthy sequel to the original, though flawed nonetheless.  
  Blazing Angels 2: Secret Missions of WWII Review
,  Blazing Angels 2 is a fairly straightforward mission-based flight game set against the backdrop of World War II, much like its predecessor was. But instead of sticking to the facts like the first game tried to do, the sequel heads off into that not-so-lofty "what if?" territory that World War II-themed games eventually seem to get to, where Nazis are either resurrecting dead humans and making horrific zombies, or building huge Tesla coils and prototypical laser cannons and other then-impossible technology. This game goes for the latter, giving you a bunch of prototype technology to fly and fight against, some of which was just out of reach back in the 1940s. At the same time, a handful of improvements make Blazing Angels 2 a better game than the previous release, though some spotty difficulty progression makes the single-player a little uneven.   
  FIFA 08 Review
,  The difference in hardware between the PlayStation 2 and the PlayStation 3 means that the FIFA games for each console are now handled by completely different teams, each with its own aims. The PS3 team is desperate to show off the horsepower of the console, whereas the PS2 team is so comfortable with the hardware that it's their job to try out new ideas. Although the PS2 version of FIFA 08 doesn't play that much differently than last year's game, the developers have introduced a number of cool new features, new control touches, and all the expected roster updates. If you're a football fan that prefers fast-paced arcade gameplay, you can't go far wrong with FIFA 08.  
  Prism: Light the Way Review
,  The premise for Prism: Light the Way, a new puzzle game for the Nintendo DS, is that sullen creatures known as glowbos are dying from darkness. Only the healing light of creatures known as bulboids can save them. To get the bulboids to the glowbos, you have to tap and drag the bulboids, as well as a bunch of power-ups and devices, around each of 120 different puzzle boards. It's a pretty simplistic formula, but one that does manage to make for some tricky puzzles.   
  Looney Tunes: Duck Amuck Review
,  In 1953, Warner Bros. produced the now-classic animated short "Duck Amuck," in which an unseen animator does everything in his power to frustrate Daffy Duck. The scenery is constantly erased and redrawn, forcing Daffy from one costume change to the next. At one point, the animator erases Daffy's body and transforms him into a bizarre cross between a lizard and a houseplant. Between all of the frequent scene changes and the numerous instances of Daffy expressing his indignation to both the animator and the audience, "Duck Amuck" is seven minutes' worth of hilarity that's still side-splittingly funny even in today's cynical times. Looney Tunes: Duck Amuck for the Nintendo DS is basically the video game rendition of this classic cartoon. In it, you draw on the touch screen and blow into the microphone to interact with Daffy Duck and play minigame gags meant to torture him, leading to one hilarious animated sequence after another until the poor frustrated duck literally blows his top.   
  Exit Review
,  Substance meets style in Exit, an engaging puzzler where a striking visual dialect and outside-the-box-of-blocks puzzle design collude to create a spirited, oft-challenging experience. Name-checking puzzle classics, such as Lemmings and the original Prince of Persia, make for convenient, fairly accurate shorthand when describing Exit, but they don't give the game due credit for the way it forges something fresh out of familiar elements. Exit was originally released on the PSP a year and a half ago, yet despite the lack of new content, it makes for a great Xbox Live Arcade game.  
  Every Extend Extra Extreme Review
,  It's been an interesting journey for Every Extend Extra Extreme. This trippy, rhythmic antishooter started off as a freeware PC game called Every Extend, which Q Entertainment, proprietors of similarly mesmerizing games such as Meteos and Lumines, expanded upon for the release of Every Extend Extra on the PSP last year. The game has been upgraded once again for Every Extend Extra Extreme on Xbox Live Arcade, and not just with additional alliteration. The neon-soaked visuals have been upgraded so that they really shine on a big HDTV. Online multiplayer has also been added, and the action has been generally made more, well, extreme. It's not a terribly challenging or player-intensive game, but that's not really the point. It's as much an interactive lightshow as it is a game, and the flashing, spacey visuals in combination with the pulsing, electronic soundtrack make it a hypnotic and singular experience.  
  Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe Review
,  In the years since it was first released in 1991, Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe has appeared on several platforms with varying degrees of success. The latest system to get the Brutal Deluxe treatment is the Xbox 360, on which an enhanced version of the original Commodore Amiga game has recently been made available for download via the Xbox Live Arcade service. This latest version of Speedball 2: Brutal Deluxe adds some features that are new to the franchise, but the good news is that it's almost completely faithful to the original game once your team steps out into the Speedball arena.  
  Flash Focus: Vision training in minutes a day Review
,  OK, so between the Brain Age games and Big Brain Academy, your mind is super sharp. Your noggin can cut glass, but what about your vision? It's probably a total mess. That's probably why Nintendo and Namco have teamed up to take the Brain Age concept to a new series of minigames with a focus on hand-eye coordination, as well as other visual concepts, with the release of Flash Focus. OK, so the science is probably just as shaky as it was in Brain Age, but either way, this collection of quick and easy minigames is still pretty good.  
  Heroes of Might and Magic V: Tribes of the East Review
,  Orcs top the marquee in Tribes of the East, a stand-alone expansion pack that is expected to put the finishing touches on the Heroes of Might & Magic V franchise. If not, it probably should, because even though this add-on is loaded with new content, none of it is particularly interesting. Serious fans of the series will likely enjoy getting a look at the new Stronghold faction as well as taking on the tough missions in the three new solo campaigns, but everyone else will shrug and go back to waiting for Nival Interactive and Ubisoft to get going on Heroes VI.  
  Rockstar Games presents Table Tennis Review
,  When Rockstar Games presents Table Tennis originally hit the Xbox 360 nearly a year and a half ago, it offered a stripped-down and serious-minded ping-pong experience that backed up its breakneck gameplay with a sweaty, realistic presentation. What it lacked in features, it made up for with focus and intensity. On paper, Table Tennis on the Wii is a no-brainer. Tennis was arguably one of the best experiences that Wii Sports had to offer; thus, the idea of marrying that kind of tactile action with the gritty atmosphere and deep gameplay of what Rockstar did sounded potentially even better than the original Table Tennis. In practice, the game comes close to accomplishing all of these, but this isn't horseshoes or hand grenades, and coming close just leaves you pining over misspent potential.  
  Victorious Boxers: Revolution Review
,  Almost immediately after the Wii's unique control scheme was first shown, people began imagining what a boxing game would be like on the system. Thanks to Wii Sports Boxing, they didn't have to wait long to find out. But the game was shallow and felt more like a tech demo than a fully fleshed-out boxing experience. Enter Victorious Boxers: Revolution, a sequel to 2001's Victorious Boxers on the PlayStation 2. With 25 fighters and a story mode, there's certainly a full game here. Unfortunately, the actual boxing isn't that great, no matter which control scheme you choose.  
  Sega Rally Revo Review
,  Sega Rally Revo for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 brought the years-old Sega Rally franchise into the current generation of consoles, crafting a fun, though sometimes overly challenging arcade rally racer around the series' trademark powerslide-happy gameplay. Revo was also released for the PSP, and it attempts to do the same thing as the console games, albeit with far less enjoyable results. In a sense, Revo on the PSP suffers from opposite issues of its console counterparts. Whereas the Xbox 360 and PS3 versions featured overly tough computer opponents that you couldn't bump off their racing lines to save your life, in the PSP game the opponents are total pushovers. There is next to no challenge in this game, and what little there is has more to do with the off-kilter controls than anything else.   
  Gate of Thunder Review
,  Gate of Thunder was one of the original pack-in games included with the TurboDuo, a souped-up system that combined the TurboGrafx-16 console, its CD add-on, and some extra memory into a single unit. So it's only fitting that Gate of Thunder is the first CD-based TurboGrafx game to be made available for the Wii's Virtual Console service. For 800 points, you get seven stages' worth of intense 2D shooter action, memorable boss battles, and an elaborately produced soundtrack that some consider a classic.  
  Dave Mirra BMX Challenge Review
,  Living in the world of Dave Mirra BMX Challenge would be a blast. Bicycles are the only source of transportation. Every place you go--from schoolyards to shipyards--seems specially designed to make the most of your hobby. The laws of physics are enforced only on a case-by-case basis. And women frequently ride BMX bikes while dressed as schoolgirls. Yep, living in this world sounds like a hoot. Unfortunately, 
  MySims Review
,  MySims for the Nintendo DS is an Animal Crossing knockoff featuring some of the concepts from Electronic Arts' popular sandbox franchise, The Sims. After you create and dress up your own round-headed Sim character, you take up residence in a forgotten tourist Mecca. Then you set to work running errands and beautifying the town to bring the place back to its former glory. As each brief in-game day gradually passes from morning to night, you'll jog around town, talk to people, plant trees, fetch stuff, furnish your house, and perform a dozen other tasks--all at your own pace and choosing. The whole package isn't as varied or as charming as you'd hope for, but there's still enough diversity here to satisfy younger players or anyone who just wants to try the "create a town" genre without devoting months to the endeavor.  
  RACE 07: The WTCC Game Review
,  Swedish development studio SimBin may be a small independent developer, but it has enjoyed a prolific rise to the top of the PC racing simulation market. To build on the success of its first outing, GTR, the studio enlisted the support of the World Touring Car Championship and created RACE: The WTCC Game, winning over critics and customers in the process. The sequel, RACE 07, expands the game even further, with new racing classes, such as Formula 3000, Radical sports cars, and even Minis. While the game is fundamentally similar to the previous game, particularly in the dated graphics engine, these new racing classes add considerably more depth to an already impressive package.  
  CSI: 3 Dimensions of Murder Review
,  CSI: 3 Dimensions of Murder was originally released on the PC nearly a year-and-a-half ago. So why, exactly, are we getting a PlayStation 2 port of it 
  MLB Power Pros Review
,  Spend only a few minutes with MLB Power Pros and you'll probably be led to believe it's nothing more than a lighthearted, over-the-top take on professional baseball. After all, the bobbleheaded renditions of familiar Major League players look adorable, and the controls make it very easy to slam moon shots toward the outfield. However, the more time you put in, the more you will come to discover what made the series so popular in Japan: Underneath the accessible spackle is loads of the sort of physical and statistical realism that hardcore baseball nerds crave.  
  Death to Spies Review
,  Although the name SMERSH sounds like something out of an old 
  MLB Power Pros Review
,  Spend only a few minutes with MLB Power Pros and you'll probably be led to believe it's nothing more than a lighthearted, over-the-top take on professional baseball. After all, the bobbleheaded renditions of familiar Major League players look adorable, and the controls make it very easy to slam moon shots toward the outfield. However, the more time you put in, the more you will come to discover what made the series so popular in Japan: Underneath the accessible spackle is loads of the sort of physical and statistical realism that hardcore baseball nerds crave.  
  Soul Nomad & the World Eaters Review
,  Two hundred years after Master of Death Gig's near-destruction of the world, his three monstrous world eaters are poised to reawaken and continue their rampage. Ironically, only Gig's power is great enough to destroy them, and so his soul--previously sealed within an onyx blade--is fused with your own. The power of a god is now within your grasp, but Gig and his desire to bring about the end of everything is ever present. Such is the plot of Soul Nomad & the World Eaters, the latest strategy role-playing game to come from Nippon Ichi Software. Unlike its predecessors, Soul Nomad plays out much more like a mash-up of Ogre Battle: The March of the Black Queen and the Fire Emblem series with that traditional Nippon Ichi flair thrown in for good measure. While it certainly does not lack the depth and complexity of the Disgaea titles, Disgaea this is not. The end result is a strategy RPG that manages to correct most of the issues present in its precursors, features an original battle system, and is still jam-packed with irreverent fun.  
  Art of Fighting Review
,  Without a doubt, Art of Fighting has the best visuals of any of the 2D fighting games that are currently available for the Wii's Virtual Console service. The scaling effect that zooms the view in and out as the space between the two combatants changes is still mighty impressive today. While the animation is choppy and occasionally tough to watch, the large characters literally 
  FIFA 08 Review
,  EA Sports may release FIFA on pretty much every console going, but the diversity of hardware on the market means that each version is actually very different from the other. Take the DS, Xbox 360, and Wii versions of the game, for example--they each offer wildly different control systems, with each development team designing unique gameplay modes as well. The first version for the Wii offers a brand-new motion-sensitive control system, with shots and tackles now performed by physically swiping the remote control in different directions. EA Sports has also focussed on the Wii's family users, with the option of a two-button control system for football-game virgins. The result is that while the game can't compete with the Xbox 360 and PS3 games on features or playability, it still succeeds in appealing to its intended audience.  
  World Heroes Review
,  Of the first three NeoGeo games that have been made available for the Wii's Virtual Console service, World Heroes is the only one that comes close to earning the download fee. Sure, it's just another Street Fighter II knockoff--but it's a Street Fighter II knockoff that's solidly put together.  
  Sega Rally Revo Review
,  Sega Rally Championship 2 for the Dreamcast was the last time North America saw a release of a Sega Rally game, back in 1999. Now, eight years later, the franchise is back in Sega Rally Revo for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and you may be shocked by how little things have changed. Sure, the technology has leapt over a skyscraper or two, but when it comes down to the fundamental arcade style of driving that this series was known for, Revo is like a visit from the past. This actually feels like the sort of game you should be driving in some monolithic arcade cabinet, with powerslide-heavy driving mechanics and physics that are geared decidedly toward keeping you moving forward and moving fast at all times. Is it fun? Absolutely, though how long it will remain fun depends entirely on how well you get on with the game's scant list of available tracks and modes.  
  Fatal Fury Review
,  It wouldn't be fair to call Fatal Fury a Street Fighter II knockoff, given that SNK actually shipped the game to arcades a couple of months before people had the chance to plunk quarters into Capcom's now-legendary machine. Nevertheless, like Street Fighter II, Fatal Fury is a comic-book-style one-on-one fighting game where you have to punch, kick, and unleash special attacks to deplete your opponent's health meter. The game's unique hook is that you can move from the foreground into the background, as well as unleash attacks while leaping between the two planes. You and a friend can also play cooperatively against the CPU, which offers a nice change of pace from the standard versus mode (also included). Unfortunately, those wrinkles weren't enough to make Fatal Fury worth playing back in late 1991, and they seem even less remarkable now that SNK and D4 Enterprise have made the game available for the Wii's Virtual Console.  
  Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights Review
,  There's nothing especially remarkable about the racing action in Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights for the Nintendo DS. It's just another Need for Speed: Underground knockoff in which you collect cars, trick them out, and race them against other car buffs to earn prestige and wager money. Nevertheless, the courses and car handling are solid, and the graphics are probably the best we've seen to date out of a 3D racer on the DS.  
  Sega Rally Revo Review
,  Sega Rally Championship 2 for the Dreamcast was the last time North America saw a release of a Sega Rally game, back in 1999. Now, eight years later, the franchise is back in Sega Rally Revo for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, and you may be shocked by how little things have changed. Sure, the technology has leapt over a skyscraper or two, but when it comes down to the fundamental arcade style of driving that this series was known for, Revo is like a visit from the past. This actually feels like the sort of game you should be driving in some monolithic arcade cabinet, with powerslide-heavy driving mechanics and physics that are geared decidedly toward keeping you moving forward and moving fast at all times. Is it fun? Absolutely, though how long it will remain fun depends entirely on how well you get on with the game's scant list of available tracks and modes.  
  Star Wars Battlefront: Renegade Squadron Review
,  If you liked Star Wars: Battlefront II on the PSP, you will love Star Wars Battlefront: Renegade Squadron. It's got everything its predecessor was missing: a real campaign, online play, and true customization. It's still got some control issues and doesn't stray very far from the formula, but all told, this is a satisfying action game that will provide dozens of hours of enjoyment to people who like to shoot things in games.   
  NBA 08 Review
,  Sony Computer Entertainment America has a knack for coming up with interesting twists on conventional basketball. Unfortunately, that ability doesn't seem to extend to making good basketball games. NBA 07 on the PlayStation Portable had some neat ideas but was a chore to play. That's the case for NBA 08 as well. There are a dizzying number of ways to play the game of basketball, but that's the catch: You still have to play basketball, which is not one of the game's strengths.  
  Syphon Filter: Logan's Shadow Review
,  Without a shadow of a doubt, Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror was one of the most impressive sleeper hits of 2006. It combined a decent single-player campaign with robust online multiplayer and rejuvenated an aging PlayStation series all while scoring a headshot for the struggling PSP. So its recently released sequel, Syphon Filter: Logan's Shadow, has a heck of an act to follow, which is exactly what it does. From the structure of the single-player campaign and the enemies to the puzzles and the online multiplayer, Logan's Shadow follows in its predecessor's footsteps like a sneaking spy. While it isn't likely to catch you unawares, you'll still be happy to act surprised.  
  Dragoneer's Aria Review
,  It's not been a good year for dragons in games. Case in point: Dragoneer's Aria. There are lumbering lizards in it, but the game itself is as dull as a bread knife. And don't expect to find out what arias have to do with anything, either. This turn-based role-playing game tells a nondescript story, features unbearably slow battles, and misses the mark in almost every facet that makes RPGs fun to play. In fact, Dragoneer's Aria is the opposite of fun, and it's a game you'll do best to avoid.   
  Spider-Man: Friend or Foe Review
,  Although the Spider-Man movies have been credited with helping comic book movies mature and take a more sophisticated turn, the problem with all of these complex, serious heroes and villains is, well, that they're all so complex and serious. They lose sight of the fact that Spider-Man is far more entertaining when he's wheelin' free and crackin' wise rather than stressing out about the whole "with great power" thing and generally being riddled with angst. The webslinger is in loose, smart-aleck form in Spider-Man: Friend or Foe, a beat-'em-up that doesn't get bogged down in character development. Instead, the game puts the focus on the kind of combat that's simple but showy, with an art style that reminds you that comic books shouldn't necessarily be so somber.  
  Dewy's Adventure Review
,  After finding early success on the Wii with last year's release of Elebits, a first-person hide-and-seek game aimed at a younger audience, Konami is back with another Wii exclusive with Dewy's Adventure. Developed by the same team, Dewy has a lot in common with Elebits, from its sincere cuteness to its novel use of motion controls. Unfortunately, Dewy's Adventure lacks the strains of weirdness and voyeurism that made Elebits appealing to those outside its target audience. Perhaps even worse, the novel motion controls can't provide the precision demanded by the level designs, leading to frustration for players of any age.  
  NBA 08 Review
,  The best thing the PlayStation 2 version of Sony's NBA series has had going for it during the past few years has been The Life. The gameplay has never been great, but the well-written storylines of The Life have made a strong foundation for a franchise in sore need of an identity. It's too bad that SCEA has been unable to build upon that foundation with solid gameplay. That was the problem last year and is once again the problem this year. In fact, other than a different storyline, 07 and 08 are virtually indistinguishable for one another.   
  FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage Review
,  The newly released FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage is actually just a reworking of 2006's demolition racer FlatOut 2. It's got the prerequisite shiny new graphics and additional on-track carnage. However, it also comes with some new modes and vehicles to help flesh out the package a bit more. While you can't help but feel like developer BugBear might have just been better off making a proper FlatOut sequel instead of reheating its last game, the upgrades made here are significant enough to make the game stand on its own.   
  Tetris Splash Review
,  With literally hundreds of different versions of Tetris released during the past 22 years, it takes more than an aquarium background for yet another iteration of Alexey Pajitnov's classic puzzle game to stand out. Unfortunately, that's really all Tetris Splash for Xbox Live Arcade has to differentiate itself, and it's not enough to justify the $10 price tag.  
  Super Mario Bros.: The Lost Levels Review
,  Nintendo actually produced two different versions of Super Mario Bros. 2. The first, a direct sequel for the 8-bit Famicom Disk System, was put together using the original Super Mario Bros. engine and was published in Japan in 1986. However, the head honcho of Nintendo of America at the time felt the game would be too challenging for players in the west. As a result, a second game, called Yume Koujou Doki Doki Panic, was revamped and published a couple of years later in English-speaking countries as Super Mario Bros. 2. Since then, Nintendo has occasionally made the Japanese rendition of Super Mario Bros. 2--also known as "The Lost Levels"--available worldwide through various means, most recently as a download for the Wii's Virtual Console.  
  Undercover: Operation Wintersun Review
,  As with far too many adventures, your enjoyment of Undercover: Operation Wintersun depends almost entirely on your tolerance for nonsensical puzzles. This Sproing Interactive game really knocks it out of the park when it comes to that sort of thing. It boasts a greatest-hits collection of maddening adventure-game absurdities, such as digging a potato out of the garbage to distract a crow in order to listen in on a conversation (in the very first scene, no less), as well as outlandish chem-lab solutions to mundane problems such as getting through locked doors. Anyone who can solve this spectacularly hard game without resorting to a walk-through deserves a ticker-tape parade like the kind they used to give generals and astronauts.  
  NBA Live 08 Review
,  EA proved with Madden that it could tailor a sports game to take advantage of the strengths of the Wii. Unfortunately, it has proved the exact opposite with NBA Live 08. It's ugly, the controls are terrible, and the game is nearly unplayable.   
  Brunswick Pro Bowling Review
,  With a video game, as with the proverbial book, it's generally not advisable to judge the contents by the cover. Game titles usually proffer precious little information about the nature of the game itself, opting for an attention grabber or brand identifier over a content descriptor. It's a rare game that lays it all out in the title, yet Brunswick Pro Bowling is one of those games. Let's see, "Pro Bowling" indicates a simulation approach to the sport/game of bowling, rather than an arcade interpretation. "Brunswick" is a venerable brand name in the bowling world, covering everything from shoes to balls to pins. This brand backing likely means that Brunswick is hoping to leverage and increase said venerability through this game, so we can expect a polished, by-the-numbers representation of the professional bowling scene. And that's exactly what we get. The only remaining questions are, how well did they do it, and how enjoyable is it? The answers: Fairly well, and fairly dull.  
  The History Channel: Great Battles of Rome Review
,  Slitherine Software is getting a lot of mileage out of Legion. It's now been five years since the British developer launched this real-time strategy game, yet the company continues to recycle its engine to retell the story of how the Roman Empire conquered the world. This time around, the game is a derivative little number from Black Bean Games called The History Channel: Great Battles of the Roman Empire. The theme, such as it is, is a tactical real-time strategy survey course of battles with the Carthaginians, Greeks, Persians, and loads of pesky barbarians. Although the content adeptly highlights the struggles of the veni, vidi, vici boys through nearly a thousand years of history, the advanced age of the engine and the stale, simplistic battles make this game feel as fresh as Caesar's toga after he was finished with the Gauls.  
  Brunswick Pro Bowling Review
,  With a video game, as with the proverbial book, it's generally not advisable to judge the contents by the cover. Game titles usually give precious little information about the nature of the game itself, opting for an attention grabber or brand identifier over a content descriptor. It's a rare game that lays it all out in the title, yet Brunswick Pro Bowling is one of those games. Let's see, "Pro Bowling" indicates a simulation approach to the sport/game of bowling, rather than an arcade interpretation. "Brunswick" is a venerable brand name in the bowling world, covering everything from shoes to balls and pins. This brand backing likely means that Brunswick is hoping to leverage and increase said venerability through this game, so we can expect a polished, by-the-numbers representation of the professional bowling scene. And that's exactly what we get. The only remaining questions are: How well did they do it? And, how enjoyable is it? The answers: fairly well and fairly dull.  
  Brunswick Pro Bowling Review
,  With a video game, as with the proverbial book, it's generally not advisable to judge the contents by the cover. Game titles usually proffer precious little information about the nature of the game itself, opting for an attention grabber or brand identifier over a content descriptor. It's a rare game that lays it all out in the title, yet Brunswick Pro Bowling is one of those games. Let's see, "Pro Bowling" indicates a simulation approach to the sport/game of bowling, rather than an arcade interpretation. "Brunswick" is a venerable brand name in the bowling world, covering everything from shoes to balls to pins. This brand backing likely means that Brunswick is hoping to leverage and increase said venerability through this game, so we can expect a polished, by-the-numbers representation of the professional bowling scene. And that's exactly what we get. The only remaining questions are, how well did they do it, and how enjoyable is it? The answers: Fairly well, and fairly dull.  
  Kurupoto: Cool Cool Stars Review
,  While battling a nasty flu, the moon sneezed and knocked the stars out of the sky. Now, it's up to you to reunite the stars with their haloes so they can fly back into space. That's the story behind Kurupoto: Cool Cool Stars, a puzzle game for the Nintendo DS that's certainly unique but not really all that interesting or time consuming.   
  Conan Review
,  There might not be a direct connection, but it's hard to imagine the God of War series existing as it does without Conan the Barbarian preceding it. At their hearts, both are brutally violent and dark tales of swords and sorcery, so it's not entirely surprising that developer Nihilistic has taken extensive inspiration from God of War in developing a game based on Robert E. Howard's iconic adventurer. Conan neither goes as big nor has the same high shine as God of War, but its graphic carnage still packs a real visceral punch. In a way, the game's unapologetically lowbrow take on D&D fantasy enhances the experience.  
  Tony Hawk's Proving Ground Review
,  If you've been keeping up with the Tony Hawk series on the DS, you'll recall that the previous game, Downhill Jam, shifted the focus from linking sick tricks together in free-roam skate parks to doing so in claustrophobic downhill courses. That experiment must not have been popular with the powers that be because the newest game, Tony Hawk's Proving Ground, takes the series back to its open-ended roots. You can build your own custom skater and skate park in the story mode, as well as tackle challenges for up to seven skate parks in the classic mode. You can also try to outscore other players in the wireless or online modes all while exploring the surrounding environment and performing tricks at your own whim or pace.  
  The Sims 2: Castaway Review
,  It might not have been clear back in 2000 that The Sims would become the best-selling, multiplatform phenomenon it is today. But the series' unusual formula--which let you control the lives of little computer people as they ate, slept, found work, and formed relationships with other little computer people--launched a lengthy series of games on both the PC and consoles. The console versions of the game never quite captured the zany, unpredictable nature of the original PC versions, which had superior artificial intelligence, but The Sims 2: Castaway comes the closest to presenting a fresh and enjoyable new experience.   
  The Sims 2: Castaway Review
,  It might not have been clear back in 2000 that The Sims would become the best-selling, multiplatform phenomenon it is today. But the series' unusual formula--which let you control the lives of little computer people as they ate, slept, found work, and formed relationships with other little computer people--launched a lengthy series of games on both the PC and consoles. The console versions of the game never quite captured the zany, unpredictable nature of the original PC versions, which had superior artificial intelligence, but The Sims 2: Castaway comes the closest to presenting a fresh and enjoyable new experience. Unfortunately, the PlayStation 2 version suffers from sometimes-lengthy load times and technical problems that make the game harder to enjoy.  
  SWAT: Target Liberty Review
,  If you ever imagined that being a SWAT officer is an exciting and rewarding profession, Target Liberty will feed you a healthy dose of reality. In this stealth/action game's world, people can't move faster than a brisk walk, civilians must often be beat on the head to comply, and the Department of Homeland Security is willing to let a team of three local boys deal with nuke-wielding terrorists on their own. There are quite a few ridiculous elements at play in Target Liberty, and the ensuing action usually boils down to repeating the same basic tasks over and over again. Yet in spite of the occasional tedium and dreary, late-blooming storyline, Target Liberty has its enjoyable moments. It just needed a lot more of them.   
  Age of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties Review
,  Since Age of Empires debuted in 1997, the series has grown to become one of the pillars of real-time strategy gaming. Its success is in part due to the way the series has shifted historical periods. The first game covers antiquity, from the Stone Age to the Roman Empire. Meanwhile, Age of Empires II focuses on the medieval era. And 2005's Age of Empires III is about the era of European exploration and colonization. This brings us to Age of Empires III: The Asian Dynasties, the second expansion pack and the first game in the franchise not created by Ensemble Studios. Big Huge Games, creator of Rise of Nations and Rise of Legends, is responsible for The Asian Dynasties, and the company ably delivers a solid expansion.   
  Tony Hawk's Proving Ground Review
,  With the core developers of the Tony Hawk franchise off and skating on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, the other console versions have been turned over to different developers. Those developers are Page 44 Studios, who have turned out a version of Tony Hawk's Proving Ground for the PlayStation 2 and the Wii. As with many multiplatform games, the different versions operate on multiple tiers. The PS3 and 360 obviously had the most work put into them, and the games were clearly designed for those systems. Then there's the PlayStation 2 and Wii versions, which aren't nearly as fresh as the 360/PS3 take on the game…which wasn't especially fresh to begin with. That means you're left with a third-rate Tony Hawk game that uses some of the elements from the main versions. And if you happen to be playing on the Wii, you also get to deal with a pretty bad set of controls.  
  Growlanser: Heritage of War Review
,  The latest entry in the Growlanser strategy series, Growlanser: Heritage of War, features many trappings of a true dramatic saga: adventure, romance, betrayal, revenge, and the tragedy of war. Unfortunately, this game fails to put it all together into a cohesive experience, and it suffers from a disjointed and often crazy story, as well as frustrating gameplay, and a character-advancement system that makes no sense. Every aspect of Heritage of War is decidedly average in execution--that is, when it's not actively working to make you hate all things Growlanser. There's a lot of content to work through here--even a few tidbits to tide you over after you've finished the main storyline--but it's a shame that the whole package doesn't hold together better.  
  Tony Hawk's Proving Ground Review
,  With the core developers of the Tony Hawk franchise off and skating on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, the other console versions have been turned over to different developers. Those developers are Page 44 Studios, who have turned out a version of Tony Hawk's Proving Ground for the PlayStation 2 and the Wii. As with many multiplatform games, the different versions operate on multiple tiers. The PS3 and 360 obviously had the most work put into them, and the games were clearly designed for those systems. Then there's the PlayStation 2 and Wii versions, which aren't nearly as fresh as the 360/PS3 take on the game…which wasn't especially fresh to begin with. That means you're left with a third-rate Tony Hawk game that uses some of the elements from the main versions. And if you happen to be playing on the Wii, you also get to deal with a pretty bad set of controls.  
  Touch Detective 2 1/2 Review
,  Less than a year has passed since the release of the first Touch Detective. In that time, the dearth of good point-and-click adventure games hasn't exactly improved, which is a shame because that genre seems so well suited to the DS. Touch Detective 2 1/2, whose name is clearly inspired by the 
  Zack & Wiki: Quest for Barbaros' Treasure Review
,  Zack & Wiki is one of those sink-or-swim kind of games, the sort of thing that is conceptually so offbeat that if the execution isn't spot-on, the whole thing could drown. Good thing this one's got water wings. Essentially a puzzle game pretending to be a more traditional adventure, Zack & Wiki is the sort of weirdly engaging game that, dare we say it, probably could only really be done on the Wii hardware. The whole thing is played solely with the Wii Remote, but unlike the many games that have ended up (literally) flailing when trying to create motion controls that are both intuitive and fun, Zack & Wiki instead thrives, making few control missteps and creating an experience that's equally challenging and accessible.  
  Agatha Christie: Evil Under the Sun Review
,  Agatha Christie was a mystery-writing machine. Over the course of a career that stretched some 50 years, she pretty much created the modern whodunit genre through over 80 detective novels and the creation of two famous sleuths in Hercule Poirot and Miss Marple. So you expect good things from Evil Under the Sun, the third in a growing series of adventure-game adaptations of the author's best works. Unfortunately, we're once more left somewhat disappointed by developer AWE Games. The strong story and atmosphere lifted from one of Christie's best books fail to compensate for a ponderous pace and the many clichés aped from adventure gaming's past.  
  Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Review
,  2D fighting games may not be as popular as they used to be, but Arc System Works' Guilty Gear series has continued to chug along over the years. The newest edition in the series is Guilty Gear XX Accent Core, and just in case the title didn't make it obvious, this is the latest edition in a long-running series with a lot of different features that have evolved over time. Even so, casual fighting-game fans should be able to get into the game rather easily. It isn't hard to get started dishing out big, long combination attacks by hammering away on various buttons. But hardcore Guilty Gear fans will get the most out of the new game because it has a few new features that make higher-level play a bit more interesting. Just make sure you have either a Classic or GameCube controller handy, because even though the game supports the Wii Remote with Nunchuk attachment, it's best played on a more traditional controller.  
  Race Driver: Create & Race Review
,  Racing games on the Nintendo DS have been hit-and-miss. Most of them haven't been much to get excited about, but the handheld has seen its share of good racers. Thanks to Codemasters' Race Driver: Create & Race, you can add another one to the "good" category. The game is chock-full of content, and most importantly, it's fun.  
  Crash of the Titans Review
,  Ever since series creator Naughty Dog said goodbye to Crash Bandicoot on the original PlayStation, the series has floundered. While the reasons for the inconsistent quality are myriad, one of the key problems has been an inability to establish a tone that is consistent and compelling on the part of the short parade of developers who've tried their hand at the series. There's just no signature Crash Bandicoot feel anymore, which has made for a trail of indistinct, forgettable games. Now Radical Entertainment is at the helm for Crash of the Titans, and though it's a solid effort--arguably better than the past few Crash games--it still kind of feels like Yet Another Mascot Platformer.  
  Final Fantasy Tactics: War of the Lions Review
,  While some games don't withstand the test of time, others, like the commonly praised Final Fantasy Tactics, exist in a state of pristine stasis: never changing, yet standing proud at the head of the class, and rarely bested by legions of pretenders to the throne. In other words, you won't need the rose-hued goggles of nostalgia to appreciate Final Fantasy Tactics: War of the Lions, since it's a great game even by modern standards. If you're new to Tactics, you'll find a strategy role-playing game with plenty of deep gameplay and one of the finest stories in a Final Fantasy game to date. If you've already experienced the 1998 PlayStation original, you'll enjoy some nifty additions in this enhanced port, including terrific cutscenes, new character classes, and new playable characters. There are some noticeable issues in the presentation, and some lurking frustrations in the gameplay remain. In the context of such satisfying gameplay, though, the annoyances are easy to forgive--especially considering you can squeeze 60 or 70 hours of quality entertainment out of it.   
  Fatal Fury Special Review
,  Fatal Fury Special was originally released in 1993 as an update to Fatal Fury 2 that made the boss characters from that game playable while also adding a few other characters to the mix. These were simpler times, before SNK went character crazy with the King of Fighters series, and taken in that context, this emulation of Fatal Fury Special is still worth playing if you're interested in the history of 2D fighting. New players, however, probably won't get too much out of this Xbox Live Arcade update.  
  Crash of the Titans Review
,  Ever since series creator Naughty Dog said goodbye to Crash Bandicoot on the original PlayStation, the series has floundered. While the reasons for the inconsistent quality are myriad, one of the key problems has been an inability to establish a tone that is consistent and compelling on the part of the short parade of developers who've tried their hand at the series. There's just no signature Crash Bandicoot feel anymore, which has made for a trail of indistinct, forgettable games. Now Radical Entertainment is at the helm for Crash of the Titans, and though it's a solid effort--arguably better than the past few Crash games--it still kind of feels like Yet Another Mascot Platformer.  
  Crash of the Titans Review
,  Ever since series creator Naughty Dog said goodbye to Crash Bandicoot on the original PlayStation, the series has floundered. While the reasons for the inconsistent quality are myriad, one of the key problems has been an inability to establish a tone that is consistent and compelling on the part of the short parade of developers who've tried their hand at the series. There's just no signature Crash Bandicoot feel anymore, which has made for a trail of indistinct, forgettable games. Now Radical Entertainment is at the helm for Crash of the Titans, and though it's a solid effort--arguably better than the past few Crash games--it still kind of feels like Yet Another Mascot Platformer.  
  Everyday Shooter Review
,  Everyday Shooter is anything but an everyday shooter. Such a title belies this game's level of creativity, though maybe that was the point. Developed by a single programmer named Jonathan Mak, this is a wonderfully unique and engaging spin on the Robotron-style dual-stick shooter that countless games have copied to death over the years. It offers up eight stages that provide entirely separate challenges from one another and a solid level of difficulty. It also has a dreamy vibe created by its fantastic art style and bedroom rock soundtrack. It's the sort of offbeat little game that will probably either bore or irritate some people to no end, but for those who can appreciate its eccentricities, it's a real treat.  
  Dance Dance Revolution: SuperNOVA 2 Review
,  The act of dancing has always been a sure sign of happiness and health, but for Konami it's also been a great creator of wealth. And with Dance Dance Revolution: SuperNOVA 2, Konami is looking to squeeze a little bit more out of the dance-dancing public. If you're among the legions of twinkle-toed gamers just itching for an excuse to tap your feet to a virtual beat, you may want to give SuperNOVA 2 a look. But if you aren't already sold on the franchise, now is definitely not the time to buy. That's because the series has been doing a bit of an electric slide since its heyday in the early part of this decade. It's not that the games have been getting any worse over the years, just that they've been dancing in place, and SuperNOVA 2 is hardly an exception.   
  Tarr Chronicles Review
,  English teachers should stay far away from Tarr Chronicles. Actually, let's go a little bit further and extend that caution to, well, everybody. Mangled English is probably the least of the problems afflicting this arcade-style space simulation from Russian developer Quazar Studio. Dull, repetitive missions make this one tough game to endure for very long, even when you're not puzzling over what the hell is going on due to the absolutely bizarre dialogue.  
  Hot Pixel Review
,  Hot Pixel is an attempt from Atari and French developer zSlide to make their own WarioWare game. While we'll stop just short of calling Hot Pixel a rip-off of Nintendo's fast-paced, funny minigame extravaganza, it's very obvious that the developers must have sat down and thought, "How can we make this concept our own?" In the end, though, none of that really matters, because this is a PSP game, and there's nothing quite like this (or WarioWare) on the PSP. So, sure, it's utterly shameless in spots, but this collection of crazy-looking, superstylized minigames still manages to get by on its own merits.  
  Spider-Man: Friend or Foe Review
,  In Spider-Man: Friend or Foe, a mysterious villain is terrorizing the world with robots infused with symbiote goo taken from the meteor that brought Venom to Earth. To make matters worse, he's also slipped some of Spidey's most dangerous adversaries a mickey, transforming them into his loyal henchmen. So, in this 3D beat-'em-up for the Nintendo DS, your job is to knock some sense into the zombified bad guys, locate this new villain, and thrash hundreds of robots along the way.  
  NBA 2K8 Review
,  If you're a sports fan stuck with a PlayStation 2 as your only option, you're probably used to reading the phrase "it's the same as last year" with regard to this year's crop of sports games. If not, this should help--NBA 2K8 on the PlayStation 2 is basically the same as it was last year. It's a decent game, but none of the new features from the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions made it to the PS2 edition, which is extremely disappointing.   
  Puzzle Quest: Challenge of the Warlords Review
,  Originally released earlier this year on the PlayStation Portable and Nintendo DS, Puzzle Quest was a revelation. By taking some of the most compelling properties of role-playing and puzzle games, Infinite Interactive created something that was more than the sum of its parts. It's both an RPG that can be played in short bursts, as well as a puzzle game that begs to be played in long stretches. Puzzle Quest is now available on Xbox Live Arcade, and in addition to enhancing the graphics to look sharp on a big HDTV, online play has been added to the mix, making the competitive multiplayer that much more accessible. For 1200 points ($15), you're getting a superior version of a really great game.  
  Loki: Heroes of Mythology Review
,  Somebody needs to tell Cyanide that it's a little late in the day to be ripping off Diablo II. That seven-year-old action RPG provides the template for Loki: Heroes of Mythology, a derivative hack-and-slash that brings nothing new to the genre. Still, being late for the party is the only major strike against this game. Even though the Diablo formula may seem awfully ho-hum these days--especially in this case, since Titan Quest covered the mythological-heroes shtick over a year ago--good mechanics and great atmosphere make up for the lack of innovation.  
  Super Collapse 3 Review
,  Super Collapse! 3 is the latest installment of a popular puzzle franchise that got its start on the Web. The basic design shares similarities with click-based puzzlers such as Bejeweled and Panel De Pon. Lines of multicolored squares constantly push up from the bottom of the screen. Using a pointer, you have to click on clusters of three or more to make them disappear. The rest of the pile then falls into place. You get more points for popping large clusters, so the strategy for high scores involves planning ahead to cajole squares of the same color into falling down next to each other. Helpful items--bombs, time stoppers, and shuffle blocks--also appear at regular intervals to keep the excitement going. If you enjoy other click-based puzzle games, you'll probably like this one.  
  Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party Review
,  One of the most timeless questions in the world of dance is: What do you do with your hands? Do you stick up your thumb like a hitchhiker? Flap your arms like a chicken? Wave them in the air like you just don't care? There are lots of options, and that's why Konami's Dance Dance Revolution Hottest Party for the Wii is a little disappointing. Instead of going for grace and gusto, Hottest Party goes for random, nervous twitches. And if you're like us, you do enough of that when you're really dancing.  
  Neverwinter Nights 2: Mask of the Betrayer Review
,  If Neverwinter Nights 2 was a movie, it'd be a typical summer blockbuster. After all, last year's fantasy role-playing game was packed with tons of colorful characters, humorous dialogue, and, above all else, nonstop action as you battled your way through the game. On the other hand, Neverwinter Nights 2: Mask of the Betrayer, the newly arrived expansion, is a much darker and more cerebral experience. There's not that much comic relief, and there's a lot more puzzle-solving than before. That's not to say that it doesn't feature plenty of action. In fact, it's packed with titanic battles. However, the tone is a lot more serious.  
  NBA Live 08 Review
,  Although the NBA Live series is winding down a long and successful run on the PlayStation 2, it's also in what should be its prime years on the PSP. Despite this difference, the two games are extremely similar. They have the same strengths: solid gameplay and a respectable list of features. Yet they also have the same weaknesses: Both seem to have peaked and offer very little in the way of new content.   
  Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast Review
,  Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast is one in a very long line of half-baked Mario Kart wannabes, and it's one that just so happens to be published by the Mario Kart maker itself, Nintendo. It's one thing when some other publisher apes the formula for the sake of cashing in, but Nintendo ought to know better than to release something so shoddy and genuinely unpleasant to play, especially considering Nintendo practically invented this genre. Barrel Blast certainly has a couple of amusing ideas, but the execution of this game is so patently flawed and devoid of personality that it's difficult to imagine anyone enjoying it for long.  
  NBA Live 08 Review
,  Although the NBA Live series is winding down a long and successful run on the PlayStation 2, it's also in what should be its prime years on the PSP. Despite this difference, the two games are extremely similar. They have the same strengths: solid gameplay and a respectable list of features. Yet they also have the same weaknesses: Both seem to have peaked and offer very little in the way of new content.   
  NBA Live 08 Review
,  NBA Live's transition from the last generation of consoles to the current generation has been fraught with problems--too many to list here. Nevertheless, the team at EA has kept plugging away, and it seems the third time is the charm. There aren't really any new features to speak of in NBA Live 08, but the gameplay has seen vast improvements on both sides of the ball. You'd never think it was possible after the last few years, but NBA Live 08 is much-improved and actually…good.   
  Brian Lara 2007 Pressure Play Review
,  Ricky Ponting 2007 Pressure Play (otherwise known as Brian Lara Pressure Play for gamers in the UK) is the first appearance of Codemasters' long-running cricket series on the PSP, although the UK-based company has handed over development reins on this game to Australian development house IR Gurus. Pressure Play is, in essence, a stripped-back version of the console games released earlier this year and features a similar gameplay style but with far fewer match options packed into it.   
  Dead Head Fred Review
,  Dead Head Fred is an ambitiously large action adventure game that puts you in the role of a private investigator who has fallen on a bit of bad luck. Specifically, you've crossed the wrong bad guy and he's cut off your head. But of course, that isn't the end of the story. You're given a batch of new heads to use, each with their own unique abilities. Wackiness ensues in a long adventure that is undercut by unintuitive level design and poor combat.  
  NBA Live 08 Review
,  NBA Live's transition from the last generation of consoles to the current generation has been fraught with problems--too many to list here. Nevertheless, the team at EA has kept plugging away, and it seems the third time is the charm. There aren't really any new features to speak of in NBA Live 08, but the gameplay has seen vast improvements on both sides of the ball. You'd never think it was possible after the last few years, but NBA Live 08 is much-improved and actually…good.   
  The Settlers: Rise of an Empire Review
,  When you think of city-building game franchises, chances are pretty good that The Settlers isn't the first name that springs to mind. Although German developer Blue Byte may have been topping the charts in Europe with these sedate simulations of medieval life for nearly 15 years now, the series has never gained the stateside prestige of something like Sim City or even Caesar. But this second-rate status might be coming to an end with the latest addition to the line. The Settlers: Rise of an Empire is the most fulfilling game in the series, adding easy-to-play charisma to the usual Middle Ages economics and trimming much of the micromanagement that made playing past releases in the series as much fun as doing your homework.  
  Chibi-Robo: Park Patrol Review
,  The world is a grim place: All across the planet, parks are being transformed into barren wastelands by pollution, and flowers have been driven nearly extinct. Only you stand in the way of a complete global catastrophe, as the happiness of the entire planet is in your hands. Or something. Though this may sound like a bad episode of 
  Spider-Man: Friend or Foe Review
,  Although the Spider-Man movies have been credited with helping comic-book movies mature and take a more sophisticated turn, the problem with all of these complex, serious heroes and villains is, well, that they're all so complex and serious. They lose sight of the fact that Spider-Man is far more entertaining when he's wheelin' free and crackin' wise rather than stressing out about the whole "with great power" thing and generally being riddled with angst. The webslinger is in loose, smart-aleck form in Spider-Man: Friend or Foe, a beat-'em-up that doesn't get bogged down in character development. Instead, the game puts the focus on the kind of combat that's simple but showy, with an art style that reminds you that comic books shouldn't necessarily be so somber.  
  Spider-Man: Friend or Foe Review
,  Although the Spider-Man movies have been credited with helping comic-book movies mature and take a more sophisticated turn, the problem with all of these complex, serious heroes and villains is, well, that they're all so complex and serious. They lose sight of the fact that Spider-Man is far more entertaining when he's wheelin' free and crackin' wise rather than stressing out about the whole "with great power" thing and generally being riddled with angst. The webslinger is in loose, smart-aleck form in Spider-Man: Friend or Foe, a beat-'em-up that doesn't get bogged down in character development. Instead, the game puts the focus on the kind of combat that's simple but showy, with an art style that reminds you that comic books shouldn't necessarily be so somber.  
  Spider-Man: Friend or Foe Review
,  Although the Spider-Man movies have been credited with helping comic-book movies mature and take a more sophisticated turn, the problem with all of these complex, serious heroes and villains is, well, that they're all so complex and serious. They lose sight of the fact that Spider-Man is far more entertaining when he's wheelin' free and crackin' wise rather than stressing out about the whole "with great power" thing and generally being riddled with angst. The webslinger is in loose, smart-aleck form in Spider-Man: Friend or Foe, a beat-'em-up that doesn't get bogged down in character development. Instead, the game puts the focus on the kind of combat that's simple but showy, with an art style that reminds you that comic books shouldn't necessarily be so somber.  
  CSI: Crime Scene Investigation: Hard Evidence Review
,  Playing Ubisoft's CSI games has always felt more like taking part in a truncated version of one of those cheesy murder mystery getaway weekends than actually solving a realistic crime. At every turn, these games find ways to clue you in on and push you toward exactly what you need to do next to proceed. You don't so much investigate as you go through a number of mundane motions to get to the predetermined conclusion. There's no threat of failure, nothing even remotely resembling a challenge to be found. They are less games and more mediocre episodes of the TV show that require button presses to unfold. CSI: Crime Scene Investigation: Hard Evidence is the fourth game in the series, and it doesn't diverge one bit from the formula laid down by its predecessors.   
  CSI: Crime Scene Investigation: Hard Evidence Review
,  Playing Ubisoft's CSI games has always felt more like taking part in a truncated version of one of those cheesy murder mystery getaway weekends than actually solving a realistic crime. At every turn, these games find ways to clue you in on and push you toward exactly what you need to do next to proceed. You don't so much investigate as you go through a number of mundane motions to get to the predetermined conclusion. There's no threat of failure, nothing even remotely resembling a challenge to be found. They are less games and more mediocre episodes of the TV show that require button presses to unfold. CSI: Crime Scene Investigation: Hard Evidence is the fourth game in the series, and it doesn't diverge one bit from the formula laid down by its predecessors.   
  Jackass the Game Review
,  With over five years having passed since 
  Dragon Blade: Wrath of Fire Review
,  You can tell by the randomly generated title that Dragon Blade isn't going for creative gusto. This game could have just as easily been called Dragon Fire: Wrath of Blade, Blade Wrath: Dragon of Fire, Dragon Fire Blade: Wrath Of, or Of Wrath, Dragons, Blades, and Colons. What it can never be is worth your money or time. This Wii-flinging hack-and-slash action game features a couple of decent boss fights, as well as a few interesting enemy encounters. However, its low budget, high price tag, fickle controls, and terrible cheapness keep it from being a game worth generating in the first place.  
  Shinobi III: Return of the Ninja Master Review
,  To say that Shinobi III for the Sega Genesis is a 2D action game is an understatement. It's a game in which you play a ninja who goes around killing other ninjas while running through forests, riding atop horses, and dangling from giant flying fortresses. Those are some awesome credentials, and they go a good ways toward making up for the game's paltry length.  
  FIFA 08 Review
,  UK REVIEW--FIFA 08 is the first game in EA Sports' long-running football series to hit the PlayStation 3. The developer has promised to refine last year's effort while delivering a host of new gameplay modes and features. The result is that this year's FIFA plays a substantially different game of football, thanks mostly to an increased difficulty level and a sense of decreased pace. The raft of new skill moves means the game rewards practice and perseverance, but it could be argued that this makes it the least accessible FIFA to date. Thankfully, though, FIFA 08 wraps its new simulation feel in a superbly presented and very well-rounded package.  
  FIFA 08 Review
,  UK REVIEW--Last year's FIFA was supposedly built from the ground up for the Xbox 360, though the game still had yet to surpass the standards set by the franchise's entries on the previous generation of consoles. For FIFA 08, EA Sports promised to refine last year's effort while delivering a host of new gameplay modes and features. The result is that this year's FIFA plays a substantially different game of football, thanks mostly to an increased difficulty level and a sense of decreased pace. The raft of new skill moves means the game rewards practice and perseverance, but it could be argued that this makes it the least accessible FIFA to date. Thankfully, though, FIFA 08 wraps its new simulation feel in a superbly presented and very well-rounded package.  
  Blazing Angels 2: Secret Weapons of WWII Review
,  Blazing Angels 2 is a fairly straightforward mission-based flight game set against the backdrop of World War II, much like its predecessor was. But instead of sticking to the facts like the first game tried to do, the sequel heads off into that not-so-lofty "what if?" territory that World War II-themed games eventually seem to get to, where Nazis are either resurrecting dead humans and making horrific zombies, or building huge Tesla coils and prototypical laser cannons and other then-impossible technology. This game goes for the latter, giving you a bunch of prototype technology to fly and fight against, some of which was just out of reach back in the 1940s. At the same time, a handful of improvements make Blazing Angels 2 a better game than the previous release, though some spotty difficulty progression makes the single-player a little uneven.  
  Skate Review
,  Plenty of skateboarding games have come and gone in the years since the long-running Tony Hawk franchise reinvented the genre. Most failed because they simply attempted to duplicate the arcadelike, fast-moving gameplay of Activision's series. After running unopposed for years, Activision's got some new competition in the form of Skate from Electronic Arts. At times, this simulation-style skating game feels as though it was built from the ground up to be the anti-Tony Hawk, and aside from both games taking place on skateboards, the two don't have a whole lot in common. This is largely thanks to Skate's very cool control system, which puts all of the meaningful controls on the controller's two analog sticks and triggers. It's an awesome system that makes tricks feel more involved and entertaining. Unfortunately, you'll be applying this control scheme to a series of challenges and goals that aren't quite as good, and an extremely unstable frame rate certainly doesn't help, either.  
  Jackass: The Game Review
,  With over five years having passed since 
  NBA 08 Review
,  NBA 07 for the PlayStation 3 was a mess, clearly rushed out the door to make it to stores in time for the PlayStation 3's launch. SCEA has had 10 months to straighten things out for NBA 08--not a lot of time in the world of game development. There's no question that this year's game is better than last year's, but its gameplay is so laden with problems that it's still not worth your time.  
  Digimon World: Data Squad Review
,  Namco Bandai is at it again with Digimon World: Data Squad, a grinding role-playing game that's content to slap the Digimon name on some of the most tired Japanese RPG conventions and call it a day. But if you love Digimon and have a high tolerance for random encounters, as well as shallow turn-based combat, then boy howdy, you're in luck!  
  PixelJunk Racers Review
,  PixelJunk Racers is a neat little game that takes the basic concepts of slot car racing and applies them to a multitude of minigame-like events that you can play alone or against friends. There are a good number of different events, though the addition of a few more tracks and online multiplayer would have made it a much longer-lasting collection.  
  Balls of Fury Review
,  Whether or not you enjoyed the recent motion picture, the video game rendition of Balls of Fury for the Nintendo DS is actually quite agreeable. The movie's goofy characters and lame story are merely window dressing for a table tennis game that's easy to pick up and quite a bit of fun.   
  Harvest Moon: Boy & Girl review
,  Harvest Moon: Boy & Girl is a bundle of two games--Harvest Moon: Back to Nature and the previously unreleased-in-the-US Harvest Moon for Girls, both badly ported from the PS1. Except for minor differences, most notably the protagonist's gender, they're actually the same game. Though this is a direct port of a pair of games that are roughly seven years old, the series has gone out of its way to evolve as little as possible over time, and as a result the simple yet surprisingly deep gameplay is functionally the same as in nearlyevery other entry in the series. This, of course, will be comforting to the stalwart fan community hooked on its quirky combination of farm RPG and dating sim, but it'll appeal little to virtually everyone else.   
  Warriors Orochi Review
,  Koei's Warriors games are essentially critic-proof at this point. You are either in love with the games' utter unwillingness to evolve, or you aren't. Perhaps nowhere is this more the case than with Warriors Orochi. A mash-up of the Dynasty Warriors and Samurai Warriors franchises into a single product, this is pure, unadulterated fan service for the squadron of hardcore fans that both brands have amassed over the years. We can sit here and tell you that this is yet another mediocre beat-'em-up that rehashes the same haggard-looking graphics, the same tired mission objectives, and the same "so old it should be in a museum for crummy combat systems" combat system, but we probably don't even have to do that. A single look at a screenshot for this game is probably all you need to decide one way or the other. If you like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing you'll like, and vice versa.  
  Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts Review
,  When Company of Heroes shipped last year, it proved that there's plenty of life in the World War II real-time strategy genre if companies take risks and innovate. THQ and Relic's superb real-time strategy game did that by blending in so many cutting-edge elements that it made the battlefield come alive like rarely before. Thanks to impressive artificial intelligence that made soldiers move and act like the real thing, as well as the tactical implications of a spectacular and fully destructible battlefield, Company of Heroes was a game that rewarded smart and quick thinking. With an excellent single-player campaign and thrilling multiplayer gameplay, it was also named GameSpot's 2007 PC Game of the Year. Now, just slightly a year after it was released, THQ and Relic have released Company of Heroes: Opposing Fronts, a fairly straightforward and satisfying follow-up that delivers more content for would-be Pattons to enjoy.  
  Warriors Orochi Review
,  Koei's Warriors games are essentially critic-proof at this point. You are either in love with the games' utter unwillingness to evolve, or you aren't. Perhaps nowhere is this more the case than with Warriors Orochi. A mash-up of the Dynasty Warriors and Samurai Warriors franchises into a single product, this is pure, unadulterated fan service for the squadron of hardcore fans that both brands have amassed over the years. We can sit here and tell you that this is yet another mediocre beat-'em-up that rehashes the same haggard-looking graphics, the same tired mission objectives, and the same "so old it should be in a museum for crummy combat systems" combat system, but we probably don't even have to do that. A single look at a screenshot for this game is probably all you need to decide one way or the other. If you like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing you'll like, and vice versa.  
  Coded Arms: Contagion Review
,  The original Coded Arms was nothing special, but it did garner a fair share of attention because it was the first first-person shooter for the PSP and people were curious about how the game would handle the system's lack of a second analog stick. It wasn't really much of a game, but apparently someone thought a sequel was necessary. Enter Coded Arms: Contagion. It improves on its predecessor in a few ways and does have online play, but those improvements aren't enough to make it good. Combat is still dull, the story is unoriginal, and the level design is average. There's nothing truly interesting about the game--it's just sort of there.  
  Legend of Hero Tonma Review
,  One nice aspect of the Wii's Virtual Console service is that it gives you the opportunity to play games you may have missed the first time around. When Irem first brought Legend of Hero Tonma, the company's cute knockoff of Capcom's Ghosts 'N Goblins, to the TurboGrafx-16, it skated under the collective radar because Nintendo and Sega had a veritable lock on people's buying habits. "Hakuna matata," or no worries, as the Swahili would say. The game is available once again, this time for the Wii's Virtual Console service, which means you can discover for yourself how exciting this little-known action romp is.  
  NBA 2K8 Review
,  Developers are often criticized for seemingly doing as little as possible from one year to the next with their sports games. That is not the case with NBA 2K8. It's superior to last year's game in almost every way; there's loads of new content and the gameplay is better than ever. Issues, such as missed shots close to the basket and atrocious documentation, hurt the overall package. But this is still a game that's sure to please both casual and hardcore hoops fans.  
  Kirby's Avalanche Review
,  Back in the mid-1990s, Compile licensed its competitive puzzle game, Puyo Puyo, to both Sega and Nintendo. In turn, Sega and Nintendo each developed separate but very similar Puyo Puyo games for their 16-bit consoles. Genesis owners ended up with Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine, and SNES owners ended up with Kirby's Avalanche. Now, more than a decade later, both games are available for the Wii's Virtual Console service, and they cost 800 Wii points each.  
  NBA 2K8 Review
,  Developers are often criticized for seemingly doing as little as possible from one year to the next with their sports games. That is not the case with NBA 2K8. It's superior to last year's game in almost every way; there's loads of new content and the gameplay is better than ever. Issues, such as missed shots close to the basket and atrocious documentation, hurt the overall package. But this is still a game that's sure to please both casual and hardcore hoops fans.  
  Guilty Gear XX Accent Core Review
,  2D fighting games may not be as popular as they used to be, but Arc System Works' Guilty Gear series has continued to chug along over the years. The newest edition in the series is Guilty Gear XX Accent Core, and just in case the title didn't make it obvious, this is the latest edition in a long-running series with a lot of different features that have evolved over time. Even so, casual fighting-game fans should be able to get into the game rather easily. It isn't hard to get started dishing out big, long combination attacks by hammering away on various buttons. But hardcore Guilty Gear fans will get the most out of the new game because it has a few new features that make higher-level play a bit more interesting.  
  LocoRoco Cocoreccho Review
,  The bulbous, bouncy blobs known as LocoRoco are back, though things are a bit different this time. The tilting mechanics of the original PSP title have been replaced with an interesting new control scheme, and the minimalist gameplay is even simpler this time around. But really, it's all about the agreeably goopy globules that spread charm across your screen, and it's hard not to be taken with them. At $6.99, this PlayStation Network download feels a bit overpriced for a single (albeit large) level, but the few hours of gaming you'll get out of it are rewarding and strangely compelling.  
  Fishing Master Review
,  Since its release last November, the Wii has seen no shortage of sports titles attempting to integrate authentic motions into gameplay. Fishing Master takes its cue from some of the more successful attempts, like Wii Sports, that have elected to steer away from simulation in favor of a more arcadey approach. It isn't a particularly ambitious game, and it won't dazzle you with presentation or engross you with deep gameplay. Rather, it is a competent distillation of the core elements of fishing that offers an entertaining experience commensurate with its scope.  
  7 Wonders of the Ancient World Review
,  Success breeds imitation, and in the world of video games this is no more apparent than in the realm of puzzle games. Casual game company PopCap struck gold with Bejeweled, a simple and addictive grid-based gem-matching game, and it wasn't long before competing casual game company iWin conjured up its own, Mayan-themed Bejeweled knockoff called Jewel Quest. Now MumboJumbo is getting in on the action with 7 Wonders of the Ancient World for the DS, which cribs more directly from Jewel Quest than Bejeweled, effectively making 7 Wonders a knockoff of a knockoff.  
  Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror Review
,  The Syphon Filter franchise is a PlayStation staple, but after its debut on the original PlayStation, the series fell into a period of relative obscurity. That all changed with Syphon Filter: Dark Mirror for the PlayStation Portable. With a decent single-player campaign and sweet online multiplayer options, it wasn't just the best Syphon Filter in a long time; it was also one of the best PSP games of 2006. Although the PS2 port easily and accurately captures the single-player campaign, it leaves out the online multiplayer, only to replace it with wimpy challenges. Sony filtered the wrong part out.  
  Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights Review
,  If you actually remember 2005's Juiced, you've got a better memory than most. THQ and developer Juice Games' unassuming arcade-style street racer didn't exactly set the world on fire. Instead, it offered up a mostly competent take on a well-worn genre that had some interesting, yet flawed, design concepts. Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights is the follow-up to that unmemorable game, and this sequel is equally forgettable. It offers up yet another arcade-heavy street racing experience with driving mechanics that do little to impress, an offline career mode that's laudable only because you don't experience the teeth-gnashing frustration you may have had with its predecessor, and presentation that's cut from the same swath that every generic street racer in the world uses. The one, saving grace is the Xbox 360 version's online play, which includes a whole career mode that you can play online against other armchair Paul Walkers. Sadly, PlayStation 2 owners are left on the side of the road with no online play at all.  
  Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights Review
,  If you actually remember 2005's Juiced, you've got a better memory than most. THQ and developer Juice Games' unassuming arcade-style street racer did little to set the world on fire. Instead, it offered up a mostly competent take on a well-worn genre that had some interesting, yet flawed, design concepts. Juiced 2: Hot Import Nights is the follow-up to that unmemorable game, and this sequel is equally forgettable. It offers up yet another arcade-heavy street racing experience with driving mechanics that do little to impress, an offline career mode that's laudable only because you don't experience the teeth-gnashing frustration you may have with its predecessor, and presentation that's cut from the same swath that every generic street racer in the world uses. The one, saving grace is the Xbox 360 version's online play, which includes a whole career mode that you can play online against other armchair Paul Walkers. Sadly, PlayStation 2 owners are left on the side of the road with no online play at all.  
  Kengo: Legend of the 9 Review
,  It overstates the case a fair bit to call Kengo: Legend of the 9 a game. While this latest addition to the minigenre of Japanese swordfighting comes in a retail box and is priced right up there with other new releases for the Xbox 360, it feels more like a proof-of-concept demo than something that developer Genki actually expects people to buy. Mindless button mashing and missions that consist entirely of slaughtering mobs of mouth-breathing bad guys make you wonder if somebody shipped the wrong build to the mastering lab.  
  Ghouls 'n Ghosts Review
,  Even though Ghouls 'N Ghosts for the Sega Genesis is a watered-down port of the original 1988 arcade game, some fans of the series prefer it over other conversions because it offers the closest approximation of the arcade game and has a friendlier learning curve. However, should you decide to purchase the Sega Genesis rendition of Capcom's medieval side-scroller from the Wii's Virtual Console shop, bear in mind that friendlier doesn't necessarily mean easier.  
  NHL 08 Review
,  If you've been following EA's sports game releases on older consoles and the PC over the last couple of years, the following sentence should be of absolutely no surprise to you: NHL 08 on the PS2 and PC is a lot like NHL 07. Once again, EA has phoned it in on these versions, adjusting the control scheme a bit, adding minor league management to the dynasty mode, and calling it a day. Apart from that, the game still plays the same lightning-fast and patently unrealistic game of hockey it has since NHL 2005, and unless you're devoid of any current-gen consoles, there's little reason to take the plunge on this year's game.  
  NHL 08 Review
,  If you've been following EA's sports game releases on older consoles and the PC over the last couple of years, the following sentence should be of absolutely no surprise to you: NHL 08 on the PS2 and PC is a lot like NHL 07. Once again, EA has phoned it in on these versions, adjusting the control scheme a bit, adding minor league management to the dynasty mode, and calling it a day. Apart from that, the game still plays the same lightning-fast and patently unrealistic game of hockey it has since NHL 2005, and unless you're devoid of any current-gen consoles, there's little reason to take the plunge on this year's game.  
  Turn It Around Review
,  Turn It Around is a collection of 24 minigames that all involve using the stylus to nudge and spin a large wheel depicted on the touch screen. The game also allows two players to duke it out competitively by linking up two individual DS systems and cartridges. However, before you go rushing out to buy what ought to be the second coming of WarioWare, you should know that the majority of minigames included in Turn It Around are lame and the touch-screen controls rarely work like they should.   
  MySims Review
,  MySims is a straightforward open attempt by Electronic Arts to bring The Sims to the Wii, a potentially potent cocktail when you consider the mainstream appeal exhibited by both. This isn't the first time The Sims has taken a stab at console relevance, and like previous attempts, MySims streamlines the experience, making the game more accessible, adding firmer game structure as well as its own whimsical presentation. The result is a game that's almost as reminiscent of Nintendo's own Animal Crossing as it is The Sims. It's an easy game to pick up, and it's got some cutesy charm, but it doesn't quite capture the addictive qualities of the games it takes after.   
  Drawn to Life Review
,  Drawn to Life for the Nintendo DS is probably the best $30 coloring book you'll ever play. In a nutshell, the game is a platformer that allows you a bit of freedom of artistic expression. It lets you use the stylus to draw and design a variety of things, from the weapons you use, right down to your very own avatar. It sounds like the picture-perfect concept for a DS game, and in most ways, it delivers on its promise. You can indeed draw and design lots of unique images, even if some of those images are limited by static outlines provided to you. If the game has any flaw, it's that it's not necessarily that interesting as a game. It's the kind of plain-and-simple platformer that's been done to death, with a few fetch quests tossed in to pad out the experience. However, for less experienced players, the overly familiar gameplay won't be as big of a deal. Even with some limitations, the artistic aspects of the game are undeniably cool.   
  Jam Sessions Review
,  Jam Sessions is not a game. There are no high scores, no 1-ups to be found, and you can never die. You see, Jam Sessions lets you turn your DS into an acoustic guitar. There's really not much more to it than that. Those waiting for a Guitar Hero clone will need to keep waiting, but people looking for a neat piece of software to help them with their songwriting or to scratch the guitar-playing itch when there's no guitar around will be satisfied with Jam Sessions.   
  Fatal Inertia Review
,  Futuristic racing games really only need to get one thing right in order to succeed: an awe-inspiring sense of speed. Oh sure, things like excellent course design, tough-minded artificial intelligence, and sleek vehicle design don't hurt, but the one thing you want to do when racing in the far-flung future is actually 
  DiRT Review
,  Released a few months back on the Xbox 360 and PC, DiRT provided a new direction for Codemasters' preexisting Colin McRae series of rally racing games. The game had a lot more in common with Digital Illusions' RalliSport Challenge series than the Colin McRae games of old, in that it put a greater emphasis on a variety of off-road racing disciplines, as opposed to sticking hard and fast to traditional rally racing. Boasting some of the most impressive visuals ever seen in a racing game (despite its erratic frame rate), and likewise a fun, arcade style of gameplay, DiRT was a blast, whether you were an old Colin McRae fan or not. Now the game has come to the PlayStation 3 with the fun intact, and with a stable frame rate to boot.  
  Monster Hunter Freedom 2 Review
,  It may not sound like it, but Monster Hunter Freedom 2 is perfectly named. Like its title, the game is a hodgepodge of elements crammed together without a trace of grace, elegance, or even coherence. Half the game is hunting monsters. The other half is haplessly fiddling with a bazillion random craft items, ordering cats to cook barbeque, and dressing a pig. You'll never be at a loss for things to do, though you may be at a loss in general.  
  NHL 08 Review
,  EA's NHL 07 redefined the hockey genre with one simple feature, the skill stick. Though the game had few modes and several artificial intelligence issues, its star play mechanic worked brilliantly, and created a great rebuilding point for the franchise.  As you would expect from a follow-up, NHL 08 takes what 07 did and stacks a bunch of improvements on top of it. The AI has been thoroughly reworked, so it now looks and feels much, much more like the real-life sport. Throw in some balance improvements to the skill stick, a gaggle of new online modes, and an improved dynasty mode, and you've got an all-around great hockey game.  
  Guild Wars: Eye of the North Review
,  Guild Wars: Eye of the North (or GWEN, as players affectionately refer to it) is the first true expansion for the popular online role-playing game. Factions and Nightfall were both standalone products; Eye of the North requires players to own an existing Guild Wars game, and the content is available only to players who have reached the level cap of 20. This sounds limiting, and indeed, the expansion isn't going to bring new players into the fold. However, fans of the original Prophecies campaign in particular will find a great deal of content to sink their teeth into. There are new skills, a pleasant return to the story, minigames, and fantastic new dungeons. Sure, it's more of the same in some ways. But in the case of the addicting and satisfying Guild Wars, more is never a bad thing.  
  Nucleus Review
,  Every six seconds, a new dual-stick shooter in the vein of Robotron is released on a console download service. At least, that's what it feels like these days. While every one of these games has its own spin on the genre, few go as bananas as Nucleus. Nucleus is like some weird combination of Robotron and the movie 
  Super C Review
,  In the arcades, the year between the release of the original Contra and its follow-up, Super Contra, bore a sequel that was graphically much more impressive and significantly more challenging. By comparison, the two years between the release of Contra and Super C on the Nintendo Entertainment System bore a sequel that took much of its structure from Super Contra but lacked the graphical upgrade or the increased difficulty. It ends up just feeling like more Contra, which isn't really a bad thing, especially because the original Contra isn't yet available through the Wii Virtual Console.  
  NHL 08 Review
,  EA's NHL 07 redefined the hockey genre with one simple feature, the skill stick. Though the game had few modes and several artificial intelligence issues, its star play mechanic worked brilliantly, and created a great rebuilding point for the franchise.  As you would expect from a follow-up, NHL 08 takes what 07 did and stacks a bunch of improvements on top of it. The AI has been thoroughly reworked, so it now looks and feels much, much more like the real-life sport. Throw in some balance improvements to the skill stick, a gaggle of new online modes, and an improved dynasty mode, and you've got an all-around great hockey game.  
  Silent Debuggers Review
,  At first glance, Silent Debuggers for the TurboGrafx-16 looks like a sci-fi rendition of Eye of the Beholder. At second glance, you'll realize it's just a clunky, choppy, repetitive grind that's just about no fun to play.  
  Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Review
,  Sega has included Sonic the Hedgehog 2 in numerous collections throughout the years, so it's no surprise that the blue hedgehog's benefactors have made the game available for Microsoft's Xbox Live Arcade service. Despite that fact that it is 15 years old and runs on the same machine you play Gears of War on, you may be surprised that this classic run-and-jump platformer is still fun, as well as visually engaging. And this version offers multiple save slots, achievements, and the competitive multiplayer aspects that you've come to expect from XBLA classic game releases.  
  The Sims 2: Bon Voyage Review
,  The Sims series' unique formula of simulating the lives of little computer people as they live, love, and go to the bathroom has been successful more or less from the start. Both the original game and the solid sequel, The Sims 2, have consistently stayed interesting, thanks to a never-ending stream of expansion packs. And Bon Voyage, the latest expansion for The Sims 2, adds a good amount of variety and some handy new options that make managing your computerized families' lives even easier.  
  MetropolisMania 2 Review
,  MetropolisMania 2 is a city management sim that borrows a number of elements from similar games such as Animal Crossing and the SimCity franchise to create a charming and inexplicably addictive experience. Like in its relatively obscure predecessor from 2002, the focus of the game isn't on building cities, but rather meeting and interacting with the colorful inhabitants of your cities, building working relationships with them, and addressing any complaints that they may have. Although being the only employee of the town complaint department might not sound like much fun, there's something weirdly beguiling about this game that keeps you playing despite its painfully clunky controls and repellant visuals.  
  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Review
,  Armchair golfers have grown accustomed to getting yearly updates of the Tiger Woods series on consoles, but Nintendo DS owners had to wait nearly three years for their latest Tiger fix. However, that long wait was worth it, because Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 surpasses its predecessor in every possible way. All of the play options you could want are here, including offline and online multiplayer. The new touch-screen swing controls are intuitive and engaging, and though the overall presentation is a touch plain, the onscreen depiction of the various professional golfers and PGA Tour courses is remarkably realistic.   
  Galactic Assault: Prisoner of Power Review
,  Although all of your initial impressions about Galactic Assault: Prisoner of Power lead you to believe that it's yet another cut-rate effort slapped together in a cold-water flat in a former Warsaw Pact nation, this is not the case. For starters, developer Wargaming.net is based in Louisiana. Second, this is one playable turn-based strategy game. Yes, it's based on a Russian sci-fi novel that you've never heard of. Yes, the developer is about as anonymous as a crowd on a subway platform to anyone who hasn't played its Massive Assault series. But the game itself is more polished than you would expect. It offers a great interface and enticing tactical engagements, despite miscues such as incoherent storytelling and missions that are a little too carefully constructed.  
  GEON: emotions Review
,  For a game based around emotions, it's odd just how detached GEON is. Like many modern puzzle games, it tries to enhance the relatively simple gameplay at its core with bright, colorful visuals and various themes that, in theory, should have a hypnotic effect. In actuality, the emotion theme is practically pointless, so what you're left with is a mundane puzzler that lacks variety and is paced too slowly to be addictive. You may get a few hours of enjoyment out of it, but not enough to recommend spending $10 on it.  
  Piyotama Review
,  Piyotama is a variation on the standard well-based, falling-object puzzle game. While it might look like Tetris crossed with Puyo Puyo in spots, it's a fairly unique take on this very well-worn style of game. It's interesting, though it's also a touch too easy. All of its issues, however, are mitigated by the game's very low $2.99 price tag, making it a good value-minded offering.  
  Ecco: The Tides of Time Review
,  The evil alien queen has returned and, once again, players have to guide the heroic Ecco through different underwater levels located in the past, present, and future. If you played the original Ecco the Dolphin and found that traversing the murky depths as a bottlenose dolphin was frustrating and disorienting, you should probably steer clear of the sequel. That's because Ecco: The Tides of Time is simply more of the same, albeit lengthier, more challenging, and occasionally more frustrating.  
  Pool Party Review
,  The game of pool is fundamentally simple. Use a stick to hit a ball into other balls to make those balls fall into holes. It is a game played casually and competitively, in bars, basements, and pool halls. Pool Party presents a version of this popular table game that does a reasonable job of capturing the technical elements of pool while failing dismally to present these elements in an appealing way. No matter how much you enjoy 9-ball, snooker, or any of the other variations included herein, you'll find it hard to get past the bland artistic presentation, poorly tuned controls, and obtrusively unpleasant sound.   
  NHL 2K8 Review
,  It seems redundant and unnecessary to complain at this juncture about sports game publishers giving the short shrift to PlayStation 2 versions of their games. The PS2 is waning in relevance as more and more people jump to current-generation consoles, so it's expected that developers wouldn't put a ton of resources behind developing these games. NHL 2K8 on the PlayStation 2 is entirely predictable in this regard. It adds a couple of the new features from its current-generation counterparts, bypasses a number of other ones, and leaves it at that. If a PS2 is the only console you own, this is probably the best option available to you for a new hockey game, though that distinction is incredibly meager. Still, for only $20, you're not exactly breaking the bank by picking up this minimal update.  
  Worms: Open Warfare 2 Review
,  After spending a few years trying to transition the Worms franchise into 3D, it would seem that Team 17 has come to terms with the fact that its good-humored strategy series is simply more appealing in 2D. Worms: Open Warfare 2 for the DS and PSP does little to tinker with the established formula, but what it does hold over the original Open Warfare is more content.  
  Worms: Open Warfare 2 Review
,  After spending a few years trying to transition the Worms franchise into 3D, it would seem that Team 17 has come to terms with the fact that its good-humored strategy series is simply more appealing in 2D. Worms: Open Warfare 2 for the DS and PSP does little to tinker with the established formula, but what it does hold over the original Open Warfare is more content.  
  Stranglehold Review
,  It would be very easy for the average person to take one look at Stranglehold and write it off as a Max Payne rip-off. That's because, in a sort of round about way, it is. Midway and John Woo's video game sequel to the director's classic Hong Kong action flick 
  SingStar '80s Review
,  Sony continues to establish a foothold in the American market for its SingStar karaoke franchise with two more releases, SingStar '80s and SingStar Amped. The former ought to be self-explanatory--sing your favorite cheesy pop songs from the 1980s--and the latter focuses on classic and contemporary rock music. Both of these games are essentially identical in feature set and presentation to the last two SingStar games, 
  World Class Baseball Review
,  Time hasn't been kind to World Class Baseball. When it was originally published for the TurboGrafx-16 console way back in 1988, people overlooked the game's pathetic list of features and its unpredictable controls because the graphics were years ahead of the curve. Now that nearly 20 years have passed and World Class Baseball is available again, this time for the Wii's Virtual Console, the leaping players and moonshot hits don't look as impressive as they once did. As a result, the game's shortcomings are tougher to ignore.  
  SingStar Amped Review
,  Sony continues to establish a foothold in the American market for its SingStar karaoke franchise with two more releases, SingStar '80s and SingStar Amped. The former ought to be self-explanatory--sing your favorite cheesy pop songs from the 1980s--and the latter focuses on classic and contemporary rock music. Both of these games are essentially identical in feature set and presentation to the last two SingStar games, 
  Super Thunder Blade Review
,  Back in the late 1980s, Sega was all about using 2D graphics to make three-dimensional shoot-'em-up games. Two of those games, Space Harrier and After Burner, were very well received, so much so that the Sega Genesis versions have been repackaged multiple times in various classics collections. Another game, Super Thunder Blade, wasn't as fortunate. It wasn't all that hot in the arcades, and it became a choppy, nearly unplayable mess when it was later ported to the Sega Genesis. Now, that cruddy Genesis port has appeared for sale on the Wii's Virtual Console service.  
  Sonic Rush Adventure Review
,  2005's Sonic Rush for the DS was a 2D side-scroller that picked up where the already excellent Sonic Advance series left off, injecting a little polygonal flair into the graphics and the gameplay, making smart use of the DS hardware, and generally serving as a bracing reminder of what made Sonic the Hedgehog so great in the first place. At its core, Sonic Rush Adventure offers a very similar experience, filled with an incredible sense of speed, serpentine levels, a variety of gadgets, contraptions, geegaws, and whirligigs for you to fling yourself off of, and rings, rings, rings. What Adventure adds is more structure outside the action, as well as some brief moments of simple 3D action. Some of these additions arguably don't add a lot to what made Sonic Rush so great, but they don't take away from it, either.  
  Namco Museum DS Review
,  Namco was one of the first out of the gate with what we now see as the modern retro compilation. The Namco Museum series dates all the way back to the original PlayStation. It continues today with games like Namco Museum DS, which collects a handful of arcade games, slaps them onto a DS cartridge, and ships them out to stores. It's a fairly straightforward compilation with some interesting options and features.   
  High Stakes on the Vegas Strip: Poker Edition Review
,  As the first poker game to hit the PlayStation 3, High Stakes on the Vegas Strip: Poker Edition isn't going to wow anyone. This $9.99 download on the PlayStation Network store is a simple, stripped-down offering that lets gamers play a few different variations of hold 'em-style poker, both offline and on. It has  3D visuals, a bit of character customization, and a couple of online bells and whistles, but by and large, its feature set isn't what impresses. What does impress is the simple, easy-to-use interface and the solid poker artificial intelligence.  
  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Review
,  The Tiger Woods series has long stood atop the charts as the best-selling golf franchise year in and year out. There's typically very little to distinguish one year's version from the next, but the games have always played well, and, judging by the sales numbers, people have been happy with the incremental upgrades. But even those expecting minimal improvements are likely to be disappointed with Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08. There are some new features, but many of them don't work. Also, there are a fair amount of frustrating bugs (particularly in the Xbox 360 version) that give the game a rushed feel. Even the game's most noteworthy feature, the analog swing, doesn't work as well as in previous years.   
  Warhawk Review
,  Warhawk is a 32-player, multiplayer-only shooter from Sony. It has ties back to another Warhawk, an early game for the original PlayStation that focused on the warhawk itself, a fighter jet that can convert to hover mode and back again. You probably don't remember it, which hardly matters, because the multiplayer focus of the PlayStation 3 Warhawk game leaves it with no real story and no real sense of the war you're fighting. This game has a stripped-down feel, but the exciting gameplay certainly makes up for those feelings. This is blue versus red across multiple modes and maps, in the land or in the air. And it's excellent fun.  
  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Review
,  The Tiger Woods series has long stood atop the charts as the best-selling golf franchise year in and year out. There's typically very little to distinguish one year's version from the next, but the games have always played well, and, judging by the sales numbers, people have been happy with the incremental upgrades. But even those expecting minimal improvements are likely to be disappointed with Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08. There are some new features, but many of them don't work. Also, there are a fair amount of frustrating bugs (particularly in the Xbox 360 version) that give the game a rushed feel. Even the game's most noteworthy feature, the analog swing, doesn't work as well as in previous years.   
  Dynamite Headdy Review
,  Dynamite Headdy has no historical significance apart from the fact that it was one of the last Sega Genesis games published. That's just fine, though, because Headdy is a heroic puppet and he doesn't care about history or accolades. All that matters to him is that you (as Headdy) get to beat the stuffing out of evil puppets and plush animals in his game, which just so happens to be a fun 2D action romp and one of the goofiest games from the 16-bit era.   
  Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2 Review
,  2006's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter was rightly acclaimed to be one of the first truly next-generation games, thanks to its intense gameplay and luscious graphics. Of course, it shipped only for the Xbox 360, given that the PlayStation 3 was still in gestation at the time. Now that it's 2007, Ubisoft has delivered the first GRAW game for the PS3. However, instead of presenting the original GRAW, Ubisoft has instead provided Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2, the sequel that was delivered on the Xbox 360 earlier this year. That's sort of like starting a book in the middle, but to be fair, the GRAW games are less about story and more about shooting things up with next-generation weaponry.  
  Stuntman Ignition Review
,  The original Stuntman was a polarizing game when it crash-landed on the PlayStation 2 more than five years ago. The notion of playing the part of a Hollywood stunt driver seemed universally appealing, but the game's exceedingly low threshold for missteps meant you had to play through lengthy stunt sequences repeatedly before you got them right and could advance to the next sequence. The game's winking take on Hollywood blockbusters and the satisfaction of really nailing a stunt sequence made it all worthwhile for some folks, but others found it supremely frustrating. Paradigm has taken over development duties on the new sequel, and Stuntman: Ignition is definitely a more dynamic, more approachable game than its predecessor. It's still Stuntman, though, and you'll still need a certain tolerance for trial and error.  
  Stuntman Ignition Review
,  The original Stuntman was a polarizing game when it crash-landed on the PlayStation 2 more than five years ago. The notion of playing the part of a Hollywood stunt driver seemed universally appealing, but the game's exceedingly low threshold for missteps meant you had to play through lengthy stunt sequences repeatedly before you got them right and could advance to the next sequence. The game's winking take on Hollywood blockbusters and the satisfaction of really nailing a stunt sequence made it all worthwhile for some folks, but others found it supremely frustrating. Paradigm has taken over development duties on the new sequel, and Stuntman: Ignition is definitely a more dynamic, more approachable game than its predecessor. It's still Stuntman, though, and you'll still need a certain tolerance for trial and error.  
  Labyrinth Review
,  All the mall goths of the world can just go ahead and settle down: This 
  Stuntman Ignition Review
,  The original Stuntman was a polarizing game when it crash-landed on the PlayStation 2 more than five years ago. The notion of playing the part of a Hollywood stunt driver seemed universally appealing, but the game's exceedingly low threshold for missteps meant you had to play through lengthy stunt sequences repeatedly before you got them right and could advance to the next sequence. The game's winking take on Hollywood blockbusters and the satisfaction of really nailing a stunt sequence made it all worthwhile for some folks, but others found it supremely frustrating. Paradigm has taken over development duties on the new sequel, and Stuntman: Ignition is definitely a more dynamic, more approachable game than its predecessor. It's still Stuntman, though, and you'll still need a certain tolerance for trial and error.  
  Super Metroid Review
,  It's absolutely astonishing that Nintendo let 13 years go by before making Super Metroid readily available again, but the most important thing is that you can now play this masterpiece without having to track down the original Super Nintendo Entertainment System cartridge or fumble with legally questionable emulators. As long as you have a Wii and 800 Wii points (roughly $8) to spend, you can simply go into the Virtual Console shop and add Super Metroid to your Wii's channel lineup. True, what you're getting is basically nothing more than a no-frills, emulated version of a 13-year-old SNES game that isn't a cutting-edge, technical marvel anymore, but the original game was so solid and so well-crafted that the Virtual Console version is worth ponying up those Wii points for. And by doing so, you'll be downloading one of the best 2D action adventure games ever produced.  
  Rune Factory: A Fantasy Harvest Moon Review
,  The name pretty much says it all. Rune Factory: A Fantasy Harvest Moon takes the well-established farmlife formula of Natsume's Harvest Moon games and transplants it into the type of baroque fantasy world found commonly in Japanese RPGs, complete with an amnesiac protagonist and plenty of dungeon-crawling. The introduction of combat to Rune Factory is a significant one, and though it's a big change of pace from the farming, fishing, and family-building that have been at the heart of the Harvest Moon games, it avoids feeling tacked-on. Still, this is all mostly for the sake of established Harvest Moon fans, and the overall pace of the action in Rune Factory doesn't feel much different from its predecessors.   
  Chameleon: To Dye For! Review
,  In some ways, Chameleon's entertainment value is inexplicable. If you took one quick look at it, you might think you were in for some kind of anime-invaded rip-off of Hexic. But once you actually start playing it, you'll realize there are barely any modes, the presentation is as generic as generic can get, and the gameplay really only has one gimmick going for it the whole way through. And yet, in spite of these issues, Chameleon is actually kind of fun. The simplicity of the game's color-swapping mechanic and the minimal amount of strategy required to navigate the game board are somehow enough to be captivating in short bursts.  
  Metroid Review
,  For a number of years following its initial release in 1986, the original Nintendo Entertainment System rendition of Metroid was considered a classic in the 2D action adventure genre. After all, it got the ball rolling for the Metroid franchise and laid the groundwork for all of Samus' future adventures. However, by the early 1990s, the original Metroid had lost much of its appeal thanks to a glut of action games--including Super Metroid--that presented the same concepts in a better-paced, less-disorganized fashion. In short, the new games made their ancestor obsolete. Now, you can download and play this obsolete ancestor on your Wii by shelling out 500 Wii points ($5).  
  Fatal Fury Battle Archives Volume 1 Review
,  2D arcade fighting games were popularized by Capcom's Street Fighter II back in the 1990s, but there were other pretenders to the throne, including SNK's Fatal Fury series. You know the deal with these games: You'd pick a character, usually a martial artist of some sort, and then fight one-on-one battles against other martial artist characters, usually on a colorful background, while your character and your opponent's character shouted the names of their mighty special techniques aloud, just like the heroes of many Japanese cartoons. The Fatal Fury series started in 1991, and over the next four years, it gave rise to the four games in this collection: the original Fatal Fury, Fatal Fury 2, Fatal Fury Special, and Fatal Fury 3: Road to the Final Victory, all of which are emulated more or less flawlessly. Fatal Fury Special is the standout game of the collection because of its solid, old-fashioned gameplay, but with the way these games look and feel, you'll probably have to be a fighting-game historian or devoted SNK fan to really get much from this collection.  
  Luminous Arc Review
,  It's not hard to find turn-based strategy games on the Nintendo DS to consume your free time, and Luminous Arc is a nice little entry into that niche. While the game's storytelling is a little on the bland side, it's balanced out by a solid battle system and voice work that's good, for the most part. With 25 story chapters and roughly as many hours of gameplay the first time through, this is an accessible tactical adventure with a number of extras to earn and without a bunch of needless level grinding.  
  Street Trace: NYC Review
,  You'd think that people living in a postapocalyptic world would have something better to do than participate in some bush-league extreme sports. Come on, 
  Sword of the New World: Granado Espada Review
,  One thing's for sure--Sword of the New World: Granado Espada won't waste anybody's time. This new massively multiplayer online game from Korean developer K2 Network is all about grinding away at killing monsters and gaining levels from the very moment that it begins. Despite interesting design twists and an offbeat storyline blending swords and sorcery with the colonization of a fantasy-tinged new world, the game collapses under the sheer weight of its monotonous gameplay.  
  Destination: Treasure Island Review
,  Logical adventure games don't come along very often, so the arrival of Kheops Studio's Destination: Treasure Island is cause for celebration. This sequel to Robert Louis Stevenson's classic pirate novel is long on common sense and short on the unreasonable puzzles that force so many fans of this genre to turn to online walkthroughs. Such a straightforward focus gives the game the atmosphere of a lighthearted swashbuckling quest, not the journey into frustration that adventures frequently devolve into after the first hour or two of play.  
  Brain Age 2: More Training in Minutes a Day Review
,  Brain Age 2's subtitle tells you almost everything you need to know about Nintendo's new mind-flexing sequel. It's "
  World Sports Competition Review
,  Those of you that enjoy track & field video games, and also have a friend or two willing to come over and compete with you, may want to check out the TurboGrafx-16 rendition of World Sports Competition that's available for the Wii's Virtual Console. It isn't overly intricate or an audio-visual masterpiece, but with the right people in the room, it can be loads of fun.   
  Medal of Honor: Airborne Review
,  It seems you can't read a preview or review of a World War II-based FPS without hearing about how many games there are in the genre. With good reason, too--it's a crowded one. But just because there are a lot of them doesn't mean there can't be some good ones. Medal of Honor: Airborne is one such game. It starts off really slow, and the whole parachuting hook is little more than a gimmick; but later on the game realizes its potential and gets good.   
  Medal of Honor: Airborne Review
,  It seems you can't read a preview or review of a World War II-based FPS without hearing about how many games there are in the genre. With good reason, too--it's a crowded one. But just because there are a lot of them doesn't mean there can't be some good ones. Medal of Honor: Airborne is one such game. It starts off really slow, and the whole parachuting hook is little more than a gimmick; but later on the game realizes its potential and gets good.   
  Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes Review
,  It seems like the primary purpose of Naruto: Ultimate Ninja Heroes is to bring Namco Bandai's snappy PlayStation 2 fighting series to the PSP--no more, no less--and to this end, it is mostly successful. It offers some superficially different gameplay modes and introduces team-based combat, but neither really changes the feel of the action. If the Ultimate Ninja games didn't do anything for you on the PS2, the arrival of Heroes on the PSP isn't going to have much impact, either, though it's sure to please fans.  
  Drop Off Review
,  The main thing you need to know about Drop Off is that it's a lame Breakout or Arkanoid rip-off that's not worth the 600 Wii points it costs to download the TurboGrafx-16 version from the Virtual Console shop. Much like you would in Breakout or Arkanoid, the basic design involves moving a circular disc around the play field to continually rebound a tiny ball, so that you destroy the objects above you and keep the ball from falling through the bottom of the screen. However, unlike typical Breakout clones, the treelike stacks of objects are constantly descending toward the bottom of the screen and many of the objects you hit will dislodge from the stack to smash your disc.  
  Adventure Island Review
,  One of the better Mario knockoffs produced in the 1980s was Hudson's Adventure Island. It featured a fat guy named Master Higgins doing the same sort of running and jumping that Mario did in his games, but with a much greater emphasis on speed. That emphasis helped forge a unique identity for the Adventure Island series and gave people something more challenging to sink their teeth into than Mario's adventures. Now, almost 20 years later, the original Nintendo Entertainment System version of Adventure Island is available as a selection in the Virtual Console library.  
  MotoGP 07 Review
,  Ever since the burgeoning days of Xbox Live, there's been a MotoGP game to play. Long-time fans of THQ's two-wheeled racing series will remember that a fully playable demo of the game came packaged with the original Xbox Live kit. Since then, the series has built its reputation on its attractive graphics, challenging handling, and some of the best online racing around. With MotoGP 07, THQ and developer Climax have created another challenging and fun game. It isn't a massive leap forward from last year's MotoGP 06, but it will still please long-time fans of the series.  
  Kirby's Dream Course Review
,  Kirby's Dream Course is a cute and challenging minigolf game featuring Nintendo's cuddly spherical hero, Kirby. Because it was originally published for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1994, near the tail end of the 16-bit era, the game didn't make a huge splash when it was first released. Now that it's available for the Wii's Virtual Console though, you may want to check it out if you enjoy minigolf, especially if you can con a friend into occasionally teeing off with you.   
  Lair Review
,  You shouldn't play Lair. Not unless you have some morbid interest in experiencing what is quite possibly one of the worst control schemes ever devised. It's a shame because as a cinematic experience, it's stunning to watch. As a game, it's a nightmare and an embarrassment. It sounds like a fantastic idea: You fly around on a dragon, spewing fire and clawing at other reptiles while generally wreaking havoc. Too bad you're forced to use Sixaxis controls that destroy the possibility of fun and replace it with the constant need to scream expletives at your television screen.   
  Two Worlds Review
,  A poor man's Oblivion. This description may seem a bit damning, but it puts the game in awfully fine company when you consider the sheer greatness of Bethesda's role-playing game opus. Reality Pump's RPG certainly has it where it counts in the aspiration department, even if, largely due to some design quirks, the first-time RPG developer can't quite match the gold standard established by Oblivion last year. With that said, the epic scale of the game, along with outstanding character development, free-flowing action, and good quest variety, make it a worthwhile play for any RPG aficionado.  
  Two Worlds Review
,  A poor man's Oblivion. This description may seem a bit damning, but it puts the game in awfully fine company when you consider the sheer greatness of Bethesda's role-playing game opus. Reality Pump's RPG certainly has it where it counts in the aspiration department, even if, largely due to some design quirks, the first-time RPG developer can't quite match the gold standard established by Oblivion last year. With that said, the epic scale of the game, along with outstanding character development, free-flowing action, and good quest variety, make it a worthwhile play for any RPG aficionado.  
  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Review
,  Tiger Woods 07 for the Wii made a good first impression. Now, just six months later, the series is back for another go in the form of Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08. Once again, it's a good game, but like you'd expect from a sequel that follows its predecessor by just six months, it's only a slight improvement over Tiger 07.  
  Dungeons & Dragons Tactics Review
,  Rarely is sorting through after-battle loot handled as poorly as it is in Dungeons & Dragons Tactics. While this PSP title from Kuju Entertainment is a mostly satisfying look at hardcore role playing, courtesy of slavish attention to D&D's version 3.5 rule set, a spectacularly awkward interface slows the action to a crawl both before and after the long swords come out. Venturing into the bowels of the earth to slay dragons and load up on gold pieces has rarely been so tedious.  
  Wild ARMs 5 Review
,  "Butter my butt and call me a biscuit," says a character in XSEED's new Wild ARMs 5. Well, calling him a character is a bit of a stretch--he's really one of the immobile town dwellers you see in every RPG who delivers a single line and nothing else, the gaming equivalent of a Hollywood extra. But in a way, that makes him emblematic of Wild ARMs 5--a game like every other Japanese RPG this side of Final Fantasy, with a few extremely weird differences.  
  Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo HD Remix Review
,  Capcom's Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo is a classic puzzle game that combines the incredibly addictive gem-busting gameplay of games like Puyo Puyo or Baku Baku with superdeformed versions of characters from Capcom's fighting universe. This competitive puzzle game has always seemed like it would be a great fit for online play, but the only Internet-capable version to date is a Dreamcast release that never made it to North America. Now it's finally online, ready for both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, and it has also received a partial graphical overhaul. If you've ever been a fan of Puzzle Fighter, or any other competitive puzzle game, you should add this one to your collection.  
  Streets of Rage 2 Review
,  While the original Streets of Rage always stood in the shadow of Capcom's genre-defining Final Fight, Sega's homegrown beat-'em-up series really came into its own with Streets of Rage 2. Released two years after the original, Streets of Rage 2 offered markedly refined gameplay and improved presentation, both technically and stylistically. The game was released on the Wii Virtual Console earlier this year, and now it's on Xbox Live Arcade with a few new bells and whistles.   
  Dynasty Warriors: Gundam Review
,  Dynasty Warriors: Gundam is every bit as half-hearted a game as its unimaginative title suggests. This mash-up of franchises is ultimately little more than a lame cash-grab, an excuse to put two fairly popular brand names--Koei's Dynasty Warriors beat-em-up series that lets you play as ancient Chinese warlords fighting hordes of enemy soldiers, and Gundam, a long-running Japanese anime and toy line that stars giant mechs and the space jockeys that pilot them--on a box and extract dump trucks full of cash in the process. In Japan it clearly worked, since the game hung out atop the country's sales charts for a good long time. Now Dynasty Warriors: Gundam has hit North America; thus, a whole new audience can experience its limp, repetitive action, its insufferable characters and storylines, and its unflinching dedication to mediocrity.   
  Star Soldier Review
,  When Star Soldier came out for the NES back in 1988, it was held by many to be a cutting-edge, challenging entry in the vertical space-shooter genre. However, now that it's available for the Wii's Virtual Console, it's hard to fathom how anyone could enjoy this game. The visuals and audio are good compared to other NES games, but the action and design really aren't all that special. Furthermore, the intense difficulty stems just as much from poor programming as it does from intentionally coded challenges.  
  Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo HD Remix Review
,  Capcom's Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo is a classic puzzle game that combines the incredibly addictive gem-busting gameplay of games like Puyo Puyo or Baku Baku with superdeformed versions of characters from Capcom's fighting universe. This competitive puzzle game has always seemed like it would be a great fit for online play, but the only Internet-capable version to date is a Dreamcast release that never made it to North America. Now it's finally online, ready for both the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, and it has also received a partial graphical overhaul. If you've ever been a fan of Puzzle Fighter, or any other competitive puzzle game, you should add this one to your collection.  
  Dynasty Warriors: Gundam Review
,  Dynasty Warriors: Gundam is every bit as half-hearted a game as its unimaginative title suggests. This mash-up of franchises is ultimately little more than a lame cash-grab, an excuse to put two fairly popular brand names--Koei's Dynasty Warriors beat-em-up series that lets you play as ancient Chinese warlords fighting hordes of enemy soldiers, and Gundam, a long-running Japanese anime and toy line that stars giant mechs and the space jockeys that pilot them--on a box and extract dump trucks full of cash in the process. In Japan it clearly worked, since the game hung out atop the country's sales charts for a good long time. Now Dynasty Warriors: Gundam has hit North America; thus, a whole new audience can experience its limp, repetitive action, its insufferable characters and storylines, and its unflinching dedication to mediocrity.   
  NHL 2K8 Review
,  For years now, 2K Sports' NHL 2K series has been the gold standard for hockey games, both in gameplay and depth of content. But over the last couple of installments, a trend has been developing. While certain strides have been made to improve various aspects of the game in each installment, these changes have become less and less significant. Last year, most of the work went into the presentation, which left the fun yet aging gameplay engine much the same as it was in NHL 2K6. In NHL 2K8, the gameplay has been reworked in some key areas, but many of these changes don't really improve the gameplay so much as change it for the sake of changing it. There isn't the feeling that 2K8 has really moved the series forward in any major capacity, and in some regards, it feels like a step backward. This is a good game of hockey that's jam-packed with features, but it's nowhere near the level of quality the series has previously set for itself.  
  Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2 Review
,  It was only a matter of time before Ubisoft's Ghost Recon series blasted its way to the PlayStation Portable, and it makes a very solid impression with Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2. The Ghost Recon series has always been about playing with the latest and greatest weapons taxpayer money can buy, from the boots of an elite US infantryman. And the PSP game is no different because you'll get to blast enemies half a dozen ways.  
  NHL 2K8 Review
,  For years now, 2K Sports' NHL 2K series has been the gold standard for hockey games, both in gameplay and depth of content. But over the last couple of installments, a trend has been developing. While certain strides have been made to improve various aspects of the game in each installment, these changes have become less and less significant. Last year, most of the work went into the presentation, which left the fun yet aging gameplay engine much the same as it was in NHL 2K6. In NHL 2K8, the gameplay has been reworked in some key areas, but many of these changes don't really improve the gameplay so much as change it for the sake of changing it. There isn't the feeling that 2K8 has really moved the series forward in any major capacity, and in some regards, it feels like a step backward. This is a good game of hockey that's jam-packed with features, but it's nowhere near the level of quality the series has previously set for itself.  
  DK Jungle Climber Review
,  The monkey called Donkey returns to the Nintendo DS in DK Jungle Climber, which comes with the lush, prerendered look of the Donkey Kong Country games, but without the traditional platforming gameplay. Instead, you'll flex DK's upper-body strength by climbing and swinging your way across a series of acrobatic levels fraught with enemies and pitfalls. DK Jungle Climber builds on the good work done by 2005's DK: King of Swing for the Game Boy Advance, offering better visuals, bigger levels, and more variety.  
  Adventures of Lolo Review
,  We call Tetris and Puzzle Fighter "puzzle games," but they actually focus more on shape manipulation than on genuine puzzle-solving. Adventures of Lolo, originally available for the NES and now available for the Wii's Virtual Console, is a 
  Sonic the Hedgehog 3 Review
,  Back in the 16-bit days, Sonic fans had to wait almost two years for the release of the third Sonic the Hedgehog game after second one. But thanks to the Virtual Console service, Wii owners only had to wait three months. At first glance, it'll probably seem incredible to you that Sega needed any length of time at all to produce what, on the surface, merely appears to be a formulaic follow-up to Sonic the Hedgehog 2. However, once you really dig in, you'll come to appreciate the many little improvements that help set Sonic the Hedgehog 3 apart from its predecessors.  
  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Review
,  Did you know that Electronic Arts is averaging a new Tiger Woods game for the PSP about every eight months? With that sort of frequency, you wouldn't expect the games to be vastly different from one another, and you'd be right. Tiger Woods 08 is a solid game, but it's almost identical to its predecessor.   
  Anacapri - The Dream Review
,  Someone needs to tell S&G Software that it's no longer 1993. Creating games with photographs and video clips in place of digitally created images is about as culturally relevant today as a new Coolio CD, so it's hard to see what the developer was thinking when it made Anacapri: The Dream. This throwback to the era of The 7th Guest may include thousands of photographs of one of the most gorgeous vacation spots on the planet, but it plays more like something you found at a yard sale than a game you pulled down from the new releases shelf.  
  The Settlers Review
,  The Settlers for the Nintendo DS is actually a port of 1996's The Settlers II for the PC, rather than the original Commodore Amiga game. However, this is a blessing because the sequel let players speed up the course of time, rather than suffer through the slogging tempo of the first game. Yet there are few other things to be happy with in The Settlers on the DS. In fact, it's a buggy mess of a port that will send most newcomers to the series screaming all the way back to their local retailer. This is slipshod lip service to series fans who are willing to overlook multiple crazy issues in favor of a nostalgic trip down memory lane. But even if you're one of those folks, you're better off with your memories, rather than soiling them with this lazy port of a solid game.   
  Instinct Review
,  Instinct is a Resident Evil rip-off with a first-person perspective that's a good 10 years too late for the party. This creation of the aptly named Russian developer Digital Spray Studios has more problems than just copying the story and bad guys from a game with a best-before date that expired in the 1990s. Everything here is ineptly made and annoying, from the dumb zombie foes to the terrible level design. Throw in big performance problems that regularly turn battles into slideshows and you've got yet another atrocity good for a trifecta of crap.  
  Carnival Games Review
,  Step right up and get your money taken in Carnival Games, a scattershot minigame collection that offers 25 interpretations of real-life carnival competitions. In real life, most of these games are scams. Carnies hoot and holler at would-be suckers to get them to try to win a prize--all it'll cost is a couple of bucks. In the case of Carnival Games, the shady carnie is publisher Global Star Software, and for $40, you can play a variety of games that are typically either too easy or too broken, and rarely anywhere in-between. And your prize for playing? A bunch of virtual toys and a few more mediocre minigames to play. If that isn't a classic carnie scam, nothing is.  
  Naruto: Uzumaki Chronicles 2 Review
,  Namco Bandai's unrelenting barrage of Naruto-licensed games continues with Naruto: Uzumaki Chronicles 2. It's been roughly nine months since the original Uzumaki Chronicles hit the US, and though the sequel features a few new bells and whistles, these do little to mitigate the fact that the combat's too simple and too easy to be particularly entertaining.  
  Medieval II: Total War Kingdoms Review
,  Conquering Europe is never an easy task, in real life and in Medieval II: Total War. It's a big place, after all, and there's no shortage of foes, as you might have learned in Sega and Creative Assembly's epic strategy game. Enter Medieval II: Total War Kingdoms, an expansion pack that offers up whole new areas of the world for would-be emperors to conquer. There's a lot of content in here for veteran Total War fans to chew through, though newcomers should probably familiarize themselves with Medieval II before diving into this packed expansion.  
  Cyberball 2072 Review
,  Cyberball 2072 is robotic football, in which giant machines attempt to score touchdowns while hopefully not blowing up. Of course, staying intact is a little harder than it sounds, given that the ball in Cyberball is a bomb. The 1989 release came in an interesting cabinet that actually contained two arcade machines in one case. Two linked monitors let four players play the game at once in two-on-two play. If you were into competitive arcade games back then, it was absolutely awesome. But after playing the butchered version that's been foisted on Xbox Live Arcade for five bucks, you'll probably wonder why anyone ever cared about such a dull game.  
  Milon's Secret Castle Review
,  Milon's Secret Castle for the NES (and now, the Wii's Virtual Console) is easily one of the worst games ever made. In this 2D action adventure, you're supposed to run around, shoot enemies, jump over stuff, and seek out items in the levels so that you can boost your character's abilities and reach later levels. Unfortunately, the game is plagued by every design gaffe you can imagine.   
  ThreadSpace: Hyperbol Review
,  ThreadSpace: Hyperbol his one of those deceptively deep games. It seems like the quintessentially simple arcade game at first blush, but eventually reveals itself to be one of those easy-to-learn, hard-to-master challenges capable of sponging up your spare time. Even though some pace and balancing issues--along with the near-complete absence of a solo mode of play--mar the otherwise shiny finish of this tactical shooter, the game remains intriguing both for its promise and for what it does right.  
  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 08 Review
,  Many people see the yearly releases of sports games as little more than full-priced roster updates or expansions. But even the most cynical person wouldn't expect 
  Donkey Kong Jr. Math Review
,  Back in 1985, one of the ways companies like Nintendo lured parents into buying its machines was with the promise of educational video games that would help children practice their studies. Sure, little Johnny and Jill could spend hours jumping over goombas as Mario, but they could also just as easily spend some time sharpening their basic math skills with a game like Donkey Kong Jr. Math. That would've been fine, except that Donkey Kong Jr. Math offers less instructional value than a dollar pack of flash cards and roughly the same amount of entertainment.  
  Bonk 3: Bonk's Big Adventure Review
,  In many ways, Bonk 3: Bonk's Big Adventure represents a step back for the series. The stage layouts offer a fair number of shortcuts and secrets, but they aren't as expansive or as open to exploration as the levels in Bonk's Revenge. Furthermore, the "run to the right and bash enemies" formula doesn't feel as lively in this third installment, mainly because the developers made the decision to trade quantity for size. For the most part, Bonk's foes are larger this time around, but they're also scattered sparsely throughout the levels.  
  Space Giraffe Review
,  Space Giraffe's name is like a warning shot, fired to let you know that the game you're considering is completely and totally bonkers. At first glance, Space Giraffe looks like someone infected Atari's Tempest with a devastating virus. It's complete madness, and initially, it's impossible to believe that there's actually a sensible game happening on top of all the psychedelic color cycling, animal bleats, and what sounds like an old Defender machine having an argument with a Commodore 64. But once you take the time to figure out what, exactly, is going on, Space Giraffe begins to make perfect sense...which in turn makes you question your own sanity. This game isn't for everyone, but if you're looking for something that lies somewhere between an exciting arcade shooter and a twisted experiment in synesthesia, you'll quite possibly fall in love with Space Giraffe.  
  BioShock Review
,  While on the surface it might look like little more than a very pretty first-person shooter, BioShock is much, much more than that. Sure, the action is fine, but its primary focus is its story, a sci-fi mystery that manages to feel retro and futuristic at the same time, and its characters, who convey most of the story via radio transmissions and audio logs that you're constantly stumbling upon as you wander around. All of it blends together to form a rich, interesting world that sucks you in right away and won't let go until you've figured out what, exactly, is going on in the undersea city of Rapture.   
  Operation: Vietnam Review
,  Operation: Vietnam is an econo-priced, handheld shoot-'em-up set during the American occupation of Vietnam. But despite its dark and morally ambiguous historical setting, the game is a vanilla overhead shooter in which four commandos capture sacred relics for woebegone Vietnamese peasants and do battle with giant Vietcong megatanks. So, no, playing this game does not count as studying for a history class.  
  Cookie & Cream Review
,  Cookie & Cream for the Nintendo DS is a sickeningly cute, somewhat challenging 3D adventure that originally appeared on the PlayStation 2 many, many years back, but has been reworked significantly in this version to make it handheld friendly. The game employs both of the system's screens to simultaneously enlist players in a traditional platform jumper (on the top screen) and a series of stylus-based minigames (on the bottom screen). You can juggle the story mode's two unique play styles yourself or convince one of your friends to get his or her own copy of the game to team up so that one of you handles the platforming while the other tackles the minigames.  
  Crazy Taxi: Fare Wars Review
,  Sad as it is to report, Crazy Taxi just isn't very much fun anymore. Though they were once shining examples of over-the-top, wacky-as-heck arcade driving games, the original and its sequels have not been treated kindly by the years, a fact highlighted by Crazy Taxi: Fare Wars for the PSP. This release includes Dreamcast ports of both Crazy Taxi and its follow-up, Crazy Taxi 2, then tosses in a bit of ad-hoc multiplayer, and calls it a day. What it doesn't do is adjust the game in any way, shape, or form for modern times. The shallowness of the gameplay is likely to turn off anyone who isn't intensely nostalgic for all things Crazy Taxi. And even those folk will likely take umbrage with the sluggish gameplay and dodgy controls in this version.  
  Jeanne D'Arc Review
,  The real story of Joan of Arc is as dramatic as any ancient myth or legend. Driven by religious visions, Joan led French troops to nigh impossible victories, but eventually fell victim to political hypocrisy. A sham trial resulted in her execution in 1431. The story's been told and retold for centuries in theater, film, and song. But games seem like an awkward host for Joan's spiritual journey, a fact made clear by previous attempts to do so. By the same token, it really doesn't sound like a great idea to throw in fantasy creatures, magic bracelets, and demon possessions. But Jeanne D'Arc defies expectations in a number of ways because it manages to twist the story into something legitimately exciting. In fact, it is a fun and user-friendly strategy role-playing game. It doesn't break new ground, but it twinkles with cleverness, as well as slick design, and is one of the best RPGs on the PSP so far this year.  
  Madden NFL 08 Review
,  Every year, EA Sports releases a new Madden NFL football game for the Nintendo DS. And every year, it makes a few improvements that entice football fans into dishing out another 30 dollars for the most up-to-date portable football fix. For Madden NFL 08, those improvements come in the form of minor graphical and gameplay enhancements, along with the inclusion of online play. Obviously online play is a huge boon, but even the smaller changes made to this year's game combine with its many great features to create a substantial game of football.  
  Madden NFL 08 Review
,  It's probably not a surprise to anyone that Madden on the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube this year would essentially be on autopilot. The life span for these consoles are rapidly coming to a close, and the likelihood is that most players have probably pushed forward to the 360, Wii, and PlayStation 3 by now. What 
  Ecco the Dolphin Review
,  The second volume in Sega's Vintage Collection for Xbox Live Arcade is Ecco the Dolphin, a game that made a splash on the Sega Genesis back in 1993, giving players the chance to patrol the seas as a dolphin. For better or worse, this rendition of Ecco's first adventure is a barebones emulation of the original cartridge. However, a couple of minor upgrades have been implemented, which make it just a bit easier to enjoy the tropical atmosphere and splashy gameplay.  
  Madden NFL 08 Review
,  It's probably not really a surprise to anyone that Madden on the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube this year would essentially be on autopilot. The life spans for these consoles are rapidly coming to a close, and the likelihood is that most players have probably already pushed forward onto the Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation 3 by now. For those who haven't, you're not going to be completely left out in the cold. In fact, it's actually a little surprising that EA chose to add as much as it did to this year's game. Granted, some of the additions are kind of stupid, and only a few of the gameplay upgrades really qualify as useful, but for those who just want a new Madden game and can't buy it on current-generation hardware, that might be just enough to make it worth your while.  
  Madden NFL 08 Review
,  It's probably not really a surprise to anyone that Madden on the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube this year would essentially be on autopilot. The life spans for these consoles are rapidly coming to a close, and the likelihood is that most players have probably already pushed forward onto the Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation 3 by now. For those who haven't, you're not going to be completely left out in the cold. In fact, it's actually a little surprising that EA chose to add as much as it did to this year's game. Granted, some of the additions are kind of stupid, and only a few of the gameplay upgrades really qualify as useful, but for those who just want a new Madden game and can't buy it on current-generation hardware, that might be just enough to make it worth your while.  
  Madden NFL 08 Review
,  It's probably not really a surprise to anyone that Madden on the PlayStation 2, Xbox, and GameCube this year would essentially be on autopilot. The life spans for these consoles are rapidly coming to a close, and the likelihood is that most players have probably already pushed forward onto the Xbox 360, Wii, and PlayStation 3 by now. For those who haven't, you're not going to be completely left out in the cold. In fact, it's actually a little surprising that EA chose to add as much as it did to this year's game. Granted, some of the additions are kind of stupid, and only a few of the gameplay upgrades really qualify as useful, but for those who just want a new Madden game and can't buy it on current-generation hardware, that might be just enough to make it worth your while.  
  Hexic 2 Review
,  Hexic HD was the Bejeweled-like, gem-rotating puzzle game that came for free on the hard drives of Xbox 360 Premium consoles. As a free game it was a pretty smart choice, because anyone can enjoy a quality puzzle game, at least for awhile. Now, Microsoft and Carbonated have reteamed to deliver a sequel that successfully builds on the Hexic formula. While it might seem a little steep to pay $10 for a game that isn't vastly different from a free pack-in, the new online play and additional special pieces make it a worthy successor to the original game.  
  Escape from Bug Island Review
,  Escape from Bug Island is a game out of time, a cheap Resident Evil knockoff of the kind we haven't seen in years, and with good reason. When you strip away the looming dread of facing overpowered, flesh-eating monstrosities and replace it with A-to-B objectives and lots of fog, as Escape from Bug Island does, the end result is boring and awkward. Amongst other things, the consistently blocky and washed-out visuals, cut-rate animation, and voice work that's not quite bad enough to be funny all drive home the sense that this game missed its window of relevance by a good five years. That Escape from Bug Island uses the Wii Remote comes off as anachronistic, and it ultimately only exacerbates the clumsy controls.  
  Brave Story: New Traveler Review
,  Brave Story: New Traveler is a game you'll want to like. A role-playing game in the mold of Final Fantasy, it has all the ingredients of its Final forebear and even some helpful touches of its own. The problem is that New Traveler takes its cues from ancient entries in the genre and suffers from maladies long ago cured. You'll wander through labyrinthine dungeons tangled with dead ends and random encounters in the name of thwarting evil, as well as coming of age. If only this game took its own advice and grew up.  
  Madden NFL 08 Review
,  For those who bought Madden NFL 07 on the PSP last year, you are hereby excused from having to buy Madden NFL 08. It's not that the game has suddenly become awful, but this year's installment offers very little that it didn't offer last year. Sure, there's a new challenge mode that replaces the End-2-End mode from last year, a few of the bugs have been cleaned up, and a form of the new "weapons" system from the console versions of the game has made it into the PSP game. But these changes aren't enough on their own to warrant another $40 price tag, and when you factor in some of the holdover issues that still haven't been fixed, not to mention some new problems that debut in this year's game, the value becomes even more dubious. This is still a good, solid handheld football game. It just hasn't evolved much from the good, solid football game that came out last year.  
  Mega Man Star Force: Pegasus Review
,  For all intents and purposes, Mega Man Star Force is the seventh entry in Capcom's Mega Man Battle Network franchise. There's a new story featuring a brand-new pair of heroes, tweaks have been made to some aspects of the battle system, and now it's easier for you to trade and share attacks with your friends. However, the core structure and gameplay are largely the same as they were in previous installments. As such, this game, like its predecessors on the Game Boy Advance, is a role-playing game geared toward people who will tolerate pouring dozens of hours into fetch quests and random battles, as well as the obsessive pursuit of putting together a customized repertoire of attacks to unleash in offline battles against friends.   
  Mega Man Star Force: Leo Review
,  For all intents and purposes, Mega Man Star Force is the seventh entry in Capcom's Mega Man Battle Network franchise. There's a new story featuring a brand-new pair of heroes, tweaks have been made to some aspects of the battle system, and now it's easier for you to trade and share attacks with your friends. However, the core structure and gameplay are largely the same as they were in previous installments. As such, this game, like its predecessors on the Game Boy Advance, is a role-playing game geared toward people who will tolerate pouring dozens of hours into fetch quests and random battles, as well as the obsessive pursuit of putting together a customized repertoire of attacks to unleash in offline battles against friends.   
  Mega Man Star Force: Dragon Review
,  For all intents and purposes, Mega Man Star Force is the seventh entry in Capcom's Mega Man Battle Network franchise. There's a new story featuring a brand-new pair of heroes, tweaks have been made to some aspects of the battle system, and now it's easier for you to trade and share attacks with your friends. However, the core structure and gameplay are largely the same as they were in previous installments. As such, this game, like its predecessors on the Game Boy Advance, is a role-playing game geared toward people who will tolerate pouring dozens of hours into fetch quests and random battles, as well as the obsessive pursuit of putting together a customized repertoire of attacks to unleash in offline battles against friends.   
  Attack on Pearl Harbor Review
,  Want to single-handedly win World War II ? Then sign up with Attack on Pearl Harbor, a physics-less shoot-'em-up where one Japanese Zero can sink the entire US Sixth Fleet. As you've probably guessed, this Legendo Entertainment game is about as true to history as 
  Shining Force Review
,  Turn-based strategy games on consoles are old hat by now, but Shining Force on the Sega Genesis was one of the very first (and very few) games of this genre to inch its way out of the formative primordial ooze of the early 1990s. While rather primitive by today's standards, the original featured a huge cast of playable characters and what was then a new brand of tactical gameplay. Now released for the Wii Virtual Console, Shining Force shows its age in presentation and doesn't have much of the crazy complexity console strategies are so fond of these days. But with a roster of 30 recruitable characters and a lengthy adventure that easily lasts 25 hours or more, this retro role-playing game is well worth the 800 Wii points ($8).  
  Cratermaze Review
,  Cratermaze wasn't a popular game when it was originally published for the TurboGrafx-16 back in 1990, and it isn't likely to gain a following now that it's available for purchase in the Wii's Virtual Console shop. The problem with Hudson's simplistic maze crawler isn't that it's broken or ugly. It's just wholly uninteresting.  
  NASCAR 08 Review
,  NASCAR 08's box touts the fact that EA's NASCAR series is the top-selling NASCAR franchise, but nowhere on the packaging does it tell you that it's the top-selling franchise because it's the 
  Ratatouille Review
,  Ratatouille for the PSP is a 3D adventure game that picks up where the popular Disney/Pixar film left off. It presents an original story in which players have to help Remy the rat to run, jump, climb, and swim his way through 30 levels to once again save chef Linguini's hide. The game doesn't break any new ground compared to all of the other platformers and adventure games that are out there, and it might wear thin on you before you're halfway through the story. Nevertheless, the quest is a decent length and the levels do offer a balanced mix of puzzle-solving and enemy bashing.  
  NASCAR 08 Review
,  NASCAR 08's box touts the fact that EA's NASCAR series is the number one selling NASCAR franchise. Nowhere on the packaging does it tell you that it's the top-selling franchise because it's the 
  Ratatouille Review
,  Ratatouille for the Nintendo DS transforms key events from the popular Disney/Pixar movie into a collection of adventure levels and touch-screen cooking tasks. In the adventure levels, you'll help Remy the rat to run, jump, climb, and sneak his way through intricate 3D environments in order to gather the ingredients necessary to prepare Linguini's recipes. Once you've collected the necessary ingredients for a recipe, you'll then use the stylus and touch screen to chop those ingredients, mix them together, and cook them up into the dishes that'll be served in the restaurant--just like Remy and Linguini did in the film. The game won't occupy more than an afternoon of your time, but you'll probably enjoy every minute of it if you're a fan of the film it's based on.  
  Ratatouille Review
,  Like the majority of GBA games these days, Ratatouille is geared toward younger players. However, this 2D adventure based on the popular Disney/Pixar film isn't so dumbed down that older players can't enjoy it too. Watching lavishly animated Remy the rat go through his acrobatics while you help him find the food items hidden in each level is good for a few laughs. The cooking minigame also really gets across the whimsical chaos that chef Linguini went through trying to prepare gourmet dishes in the movie.  
  NASCAR 08 Review
,  NASCAR 08's box touts the fact that EA's NASCAR series is the number one selling NASCAR franchise. Nowhere on the packaging does it tell you that it's the top-selling franchise because it's the 
  Driver: Parallel Lines Review
,  Driver: Parallel Lines wasn't a good game when it came to conventional consoles over a year ago, and putting it on the Wii hasn't helped matters at all. This Grand Theft Auto clone suffers even more because it's been shoehorned onto the Wii and is saddled with some annoying control shortcomings. Not that sketchy control is the game's only problem. It's almost completely uninspired and devoid of the little things that make these sorts of games entertaining. The characters fall flat, and the story is uninteresting. Add to that some pretty drab mission design, and you've got a title that simply can't add up to a game worth playing.   
  Deal or No Deal Review
,  By all accounts, making a game based on NBC's hit game show 
  Picross DS Review
,  Picross, short for picture crossword, is a puzzle not entirely unlike Sudoku, in that it forces you to use logic to deduce the particulars of the puzzle. But rather than focusing solely on numbers, Picross has you using numbers to determine which boxes in a grid get punched out to eventually form a picture or a pattern. With a ton of puzzles to keep veterans busy and a helpful tutorial mode to get new players up to speed, Picross DS is the sort of game that will keep you staring at your Nintendo DS long into the night.  
  Rugby 08 Review
,  With the rugby World Cup set to kick off in France in September this year, it was only a matter of time before EA Sports put on the headgear and pumped out another game in its Rugby series. Sure enough, Rugby 08 has landed on the PlayStation 2 just in time to take advantage of the upcoming World Cup hype, but fans looking for a significant leap forward from the last game--Rugby 06--may be a little disappointed. While Rugby 08 does introduce some new elements, the game is a little too close to the 06 offering for comfort.  
  Gods: Lands of Infinity Review
,  Role-playing games don't come much cheaper or generic than Gods: Lands of Infinity. This by-the-numbers RPG isn't so much awful as it is afflicted by a total lack of innovation by the developers at Cypron Studios and bargain basement production values. With that said, this is still a relatively competent take on the genre that you might enjoy, depending on your tolerance for tedium, as well as some of the goofiest voice acting and dialogue ever committed to an RPG.  
  Super Contra Review
,  Released in 1988, just a year after the original Contra, Super Contra upped the ante on its predecessor in a number of appreciable ways. Graphically, everything was bigger and more detailed, including character sprites, weapon effects, and bosses. The levels were longer and more involved, making liberal use of scrolling background and foreground layers to give the world an improved sense of depth. Most significantly, though, Super Contra was more difficult than the original, which itself was no slouch. Now appearing on Xbox Live Arcade, Super Contra is every bit as unforgiving as it was nearly 20 years ago.   
  Driver: Parallel Lines Review
,  Driver: Parallel Lines isn't nearly as messed up as the last Driver game. Considering how completely jacked most of Driver 3 was, that's not really saying much, but it's still worth saying. Parallel Lines is a mostly competent game that's probably the most blatant Grand Theft Auto clone to date. Considering that GTAIII was, in many ways, picking up where the first two Driver games left off, maybe this is just a case of turnabout being fair play. Either way, Driver: Parallel Lines isn't broken, but it's almost completely uninspired and devoid of the little things that make these sorts of games entertaining. The characters fall flat, the story is uninteresting, and the gameplay controls are often inadequate. When you add to that some drab mission design, you've got a game that looks good on paper but simply can't add up to a game worth playing.   
  Tales of the World: Radiant Mythology Review
,  If you are a fan of the Tales series, you'll probably find some things to like about Radiant Mythology. A good number of characters from the previous games make an appearance, so if gratuitous references and wink-wink, nudge-nudge cameos are your thing, you'll certainly get your fill. For everyone else, it's a serviceable role-playing game that skates by on humor and personality but can't deliver a truly compelling story. The combat is equally drab, borrowing its core elements from last year's Tales of the Abyss but stripping them down to the barest button-mashing essentials. It's not bad, but it's cliché, and clearly meant to appeal to franchise fans willing to overlook its shortcomings in favor of in-jokes and familiar faces.   
  Alien Syndrome Review
,  On paper, Sega and Totally Games' new Alien Syndrome remake for the Wii and PSP has everything it ought to. The top-down perspective, the hordes of mutated alien abominations, and the trigger-happy gameplay all seem to honor the memory of Sega's 1987 arcade classic. What's more, some light RPG elements have been added, including distinct character classes and a fairly granular level of ability customization. Heck, there's even a crafting system for conjuring supplies and upgrades. In practice, though, it's a repetitive and boring experience that fails to evoke the spirit of the original Alien Syndrome, or the superior dungeon crawlers that it attempts to crib from.  
  Hot Wheels Ultimate Racing Review
,  It wouldn't be too far off the mark to describe Hot Wheels Ultimate Racing for the PlayStation Portable as a no-frills knockoff of Need For Speed Underground. The game lets you collect, decorate, upgrade, and race Hot Wheels toy cars on a number of outlandish courses. Generally speaking, the racing action is solid. However, there aren't a whole lot of different tracks or competitions, and the 3D graphics don't hold a candle to A-list racers like Ridge Racer or Wipeout.  
  Heroes of Mana Review
,  Heroes of Mana is not the first Nintendo DS game to employ PC-style real-time strategy mechanics, but it's the first one to do it so thoroughly. There's a solid basis for a game in here, wrapped up with a terrific and sensible interface that RTS newcomers will pick up quickly. Veterans will also appreciate its simplicity and versatility. However, it can be a frequent disaster, drowning its lofty aspirations in a deluge of appalling unit pathfinding. The bizarre and unbalanced multiplayer setup will also turn off anyone looking to experience it with a friend. You may find some fun here and there, but the game tries its best to hide it from you.   
  Madden NFL 08 Review
,  It's safe to say that when Madden NFL 07 made its debut alongside the launch of the Wii last year, it was a real shot in the arm for the franchise. With development duties handed over to EA's Canada studio, the Wii version took the existing framework of the PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Xbox versions of the game and then turned the whole thing into a festival of gesture controls. Not only that, it did so well, transferring all the various motions and mechanics of football into a motion-based control scheme that made sense. In some respects, Madden NFL 08 manages to live up to being a sequel to such an innovative game, with some tweaks and additions to the various motion controls, as well as the addition of more minigames and an online multiplayer mode. By the same token, several aspects of this year's game also disappoint. The graphics have seen practically no noticeable improvement and the presentation is still lacking. Additionally, some irritating bugs and glitches rear their ugly head from time to time during gameplay. Still, 08 is great fun, especially when played with other people. If you liked last year's game, you'll certainly enjoy things this time around.  
  Tomb Raider: Anniversary Review
,  When Tomb Raider first hit in 1996, it was nothing short of groundbreaking. While years of sequels that ranged from unremarkable to borderline offensive did a lot to tarnish the Tomb Raider name, developer Crystal Dynamics undid a lot of damage with last year's Tomb Raider: Legend. It focused on the strengths of the series--exotic locales, thoughtful puzzles, and incredible acrobatics--while modernizing the gameplay, as well as streamlining the whole experience. Crystal Dynamics continues its good work with Tomb Raider: Anniversary, which effectively goes back to the original Tomb Raider and rebuilds it from scratch. Now appearing on the PSP a few months after the PC and PS2 versions, Anniversary is still a solid action adventure game. However, some control compromises and inconsistent performance issues put a small dent in the experience.  
  Boogie Review
,  The Wii has already seen its share of unique games, and this trend is certain to continue as developers start creating more games specifically designed to take advantage of the system's motion controls. One such game is Boogie, EA's first game built from the ground up for the Wii. The game's premise, which has you sing, dance, and even create your own music videos is an interesting one. However, an interesting premise does not necessarily make for a great game. Such is the case with Boogie. Using the Wii Remote to "dance" isn't that interesting, the karaoke doesn't work very well, and the tracklist isn't likely to appeal to the younger audience the game is geared toward.   
  Combat Mission: Shock Force Review
,  Back when the Combat Mission series began in 2000, it was a revelation. The Battlefront wargame set during World War II was authentic and unflinching enough to earn the grognard's seal of approval, yet also so downright approachable that it didn't scare off newbies looking for something a little more realistic than the run-of-the-mill RTS. Sequels have only built on this greatness, too, which means that expectations rise awfully high whenever a new addition to the family comes along.  
  Galaga '90 Review
,  Now that the TurboGrafx-16 version of Galaga '90 has been added to the Virtual Console shop, you may be wondering what relationship the game shares with the NES version of Galaga that has been available in the shop for a while now. In a nutshell, the NES rendition of Galaga was a port of the original 1981 arcade game, whereas Galaga '90 is a sequel that modestly builds on the original formula with a larger menagerie of enemies, the ability to warp to new dimensions, and all-around snazzier visuals.  
  Balloon Fight Review
,  Balloon Fight, which was developed by Nintendo for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1986 and is now available for the Wii's Virtual Console, is hardly more than a rip-off of Midway's classic jousting game. However, the dragons and lances are replaced by men with helium balloons strapped to their backs. At least Nintendo picked a good game to copy. Like Joust, Balloon Fight can still dish out bursts of fun despite the fact that many aspects of the game are absolutely ancient by today's standards.   
  Mach Rider Review
,  Mach Rider earned a spot in the Wii's Virtual Console library not because it's actually worth playing, but because of its historical value. It was one of the first NES games to hit store shelves in North America in 1985. It was also one of the most ambitious vehicular combat games conceived up to that point--pushing "behind the back" views, twisty courses, and an intense sense of speed out of an 8-bit processor that wasn't known for any of those things. Sadly, the talent of Nintendo's programmers didn't come close to matching their ambition at the time.   
  Riviera: The Promised Land Review
,  Tales of demons and angels struggling for superiority have existed for millennia. The theme is certainly no stranger to role-playing games, so it's a true wonder that Riviera: The Promised Land makes such a traditional yarn seem fresh. Here is a good-versus-evil saga that isn't afraid to explore shades of gray. Are the forces of heaven always to be trusted? How many innocent lives should be lost for the sake of the greater good? Lead character Ein confronts these questions and many more, yet the sweet charm of his supporting all-girl cast balances out these heavy subjects with liberal doses of humor and romance.   
  Track & Field Review
,  Konami's Track & Field is the arcade game that created then perfected the "freak out and mash every button as fast as you possibly can" school of Olympic gaming. While mashing on buttons to run faster made perfect sense in arcades, the result was broken controllers and broken hearts at home, where Track & Field and other games like it required you to wiggle the joystick side to side as quickly as possible. A faithful rendition of this arcade classic is now available via Xbox Live Arcade and appears poised to once again leave a path of broken controllers in its wake.  
  Final Fantasy II: Anniversary Edition Review
,  Final Fantasy II's position in role-playing game history is a dubious one. On one hand, it bravely modified aspects of the original Final Fantasy and added a few new gameplay mechanics. On the other, the transformed leveling system was an exploitable and unbalanced mess, which makes the Anniversary Edition feel more like a case study in the evolution of RPGs than an entirely enjoyable game. You'll find plenty of random battles to ease your daily commute, but the frustration of the baffling skill leveling makes FFII a less appealing game than its predecessor.   
  Smash Court Tennis 3 Review
,  The Smash Court Tennis series has been around in North America for almost 10 years. The games have always been good, but the franchise has never reached the same level of popularity as Virtua Tennis. Once again the two series are going head-to-head, this time on the PlayStation Portable. There's no shortage of ways to stay occupied in Smash Court Tennis 3, but the tennis itself is only passable and the pro tour mode is uninteresting after a few hours. Once again, Smash Court Tennis 3 seems destined to remain in second place.  
  Enemy Engaged 2 Review
,  Seven years is a long time. The latest game to remind us of this unfortunate fact is Enemy Engaged 2, a disappointing sequel to GameSpot's simulation of the year back in 2000, Enemy Engaged: RAH-66 Comanche Versus Ka-52 Hokum. Actually, it's a stretch to even call this a true sequel because this supposedly "new" game is actually just a revamped version of the original with slightly upgraded graphics and some new bugs. There is still an outstanding simulation of helicopter gunship combat buried in here, although it's basically a seven-year-old one with equal parts good and bad new additions.  
  Spyglass Board Games Review
,  For 400 points ($5), you can now play chess online on Xbox Live. Or, if that's too highfalutin' for your tastes, you can play checkers instead...or, if you're some kind of weirdo board-game aficionado, reversi (otherwise known as Othello) and mancala. These four games are what make up Spyglass Board Games, a bare bones collection that lets you play all of the above online against friends, as well as against brain-dead computer opponents. The presentation's been stripped bare and there's a real dearth of options here, but if all you want is to get your checkers or chess on against friends on Xbox Live, this is a suitable way to go.  
  Glory Days 2 Review
,  Glory Days 2, the sequel to a Game Boy Advance game that was released here in the US as Super Army War, whips together a light blend of 2D side-scrolling shooter action, tactical combat, and modern real-time strategy convention into something that feels simultaneously unique and familiar. For the most part, the action and the strategy are never terribly taxing, but the constant juggle between deploying units, capturing bunkers, rescuing civilians, and raining death from above onto enemy forces keeps the game constantly engaging.  
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  The Harry Potter series of books has captured the minds of both children and adults alike. The movies haven't disappointed either group, and are among the highest-grossing films of all time. For some reason, though, the video games that have been released alongside the movies haven't been able to reach the same level of quality that the movies and books have achieved. The latest game, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, continues that trend. There's a faithful re-creation of the Hogwarts campus to explore, but once you've seen the sights, there's not much else to do. Even the most diehard Potter fans will grow tired of seeing the grand staircase as they return from their umpteenth fetch quest.  
  International Cricket Captain III Review
,  Created by self-confessed statistic nuts, for statistic-nut cricket enthusiasts, International Cricket Captain III (ICC3) gives you the chance to steer your team to victory across several different cricket modes and teams. Players act as the manager of a cricket side, managing a budget and ultimately trying to build the best cricket club they can. ICC3 certainly has its merits as a sports management sim, although some irritations with the gameplay and a hideous graphics engine hamper the experience quite a bit.  
  Dynasty Warriors DS: Fighter's Battle Review
,  There's something a little bit ironic about the fact that Dynasty Warriors DS: Fighter's Battle, a handheld update to Koei's long-running console beat-'em-up franchise, doesn't feel like it's lost much of its gameplay in translation to the DS. Sure, the combos aren't as fancy-looking, there are far fewer warriors to play as, and the game is devoid of any measure of storyline. But speaking strictly to the combat and the methodology behind it, Dynasty Warriors DS really loses very little compared to the console counterparts. However, therein lays the sad comedy of this game: It filters out everything except the worst aspect of the console titles. The mindless sword slashing against hordes of dronelike soldiers, peppered with periodic battles against officers, is practically all you get in this game. With very little in the way of tactical strategy to the proceedings, almost zilch in the way of style, and only a few generic playable characters, you'll be done with Dynasty Warriors DS faster than you can say Cao Cao.  
  Alien Syndrome Review
,  On paper, Sega and Totally Games' new Alien Syndrome remake for the Wii and PSP has everything it ought to. The top-down perspective, the hordes of mutated alien abominations, and the trigger-happy gameplay all seem to honor the memory of Sega's 1987 arcade classic. What's more, some light RPG elements have been added, including distinct character classes and a fairly granular level of ability customization. Heck, there's even a crafting system for conjuring supplies and upgrades. In practice, though, it's a repetitive and boring experience that fails to evoke the spirit of the original Alien Syndrome, or the superior dungeon crawlers that it attempts to crib from.  
  Wing Commander Arena Review
,  Wing Commander Arena is another one of those new games with an old name that's different enough from the older games to anger the old fans, while being so underwhelming that new players will probably think that the whole series was just as lame. So it's starting out in sort of a no-win position, but the game's lackluster gameplay and generic presentation certainly don't do it any favors, either.  
  Devil's Crush Review
,  Originally published for the TurboGrafx-16 console in 1990, Devil's Crush is now available for download from the Wii's Virtual Console shop for a mere 600 points ($6). That's a bargain, considering that there aren't many pinball video games that are as much fun to play as Devil's Crush. The physics aren't quite as believable as they were in its predecessor, Alien Crush, but the expanded table offers much more to do, and the flashier presentation goes even further toward helping you forgive those odd bounces the ball occasionally takes.  
  Marathon: Durandal Review
,  A lot of people have never heard of Marathon, and there's a reason for that. Long described as the Mac's answer to Doom, Marathon was released in 1994 and featured excellent single-player and multiplayer gameplay. Not many noticed, though, since the series was almost exclusive to Apple's Macintosh platform. But the release of Marathon: Durandal for Xbox Live Arcade is sure to be of interest to more than just a few middle-aged Marathon fans, because arguably, without Marathon there would have never been a Halo. That's because Marathon was the breakout game that put a tiny Mac developer called Bungie on the map.  
  Super Stardust HD Review
,  Here's something you never thought someone would be able to say in 2007: The dual-joystick shooter market is, perhaps, getting a little oversaturated. The arcade-style games, initially popularized in arcades by Robotron: 2084, saw a rebirth with the release of Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved on the Xbox 360. And we've been getting a mix of classic emulated releases, as well as new games, ever since. Housemarque's Super Stardust HD marks the third such game to hit the PlayStation 3, and it's also the best. But if you've been trying to keep up with this genre, there's a good chance that you might already be sort of tired of it.  
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  The 
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  The 
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  The 
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  The 
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  The 
  Transformers: Autobots Review
,  Transformers: Autobots and Transformers: Decepticons are two sides of the same coin. Both games tell the same general story, they both share the same environments, and they both let you run amok as a robot that can transform into various vehicles. The main thing distinguishing the two versions is that you fight as a heroic Autobot in one and an evil Decepticon in the other. Regardless of which version you choose to bring home, you'll probably get a kick out of beating up opposing robots and exploring the huge 3D environments incognito as a car, helicopter, or some other Earthly conveyance. The bad news is that the uninspiring story missions and brief overall length pretty much guarantee you'll be done with the game for good in six hours or less.  
  Ratatouille Review
,  One of the key themes of Pixar's latest animated film, 
  Transformers: Decepticons Review
,  Transformers: Autobots and Transformers: Decepticons are two sides of the same coin. Both games tell the same general story, they both share the same environments, and they both let you run amok as a robot that can transform into various vehicles. The main thing distinguishing the two versions is that you fight as a heroic Autobot in one and an evil Decepticon in the other. Regardless of which version you choose to bring home, you'll probably get a kick out of beating up opposing robots and exploring the huge 3D environments incognito as a car, helicopter, or some other Earthly conveyance. The bad news is that the uninspiring story missions and brief overall length pretty much guarantee you'll be done with the game for good in six hours or less.  
  Ratatouille Review
,  One of the key themes of Pixar's latest animated film, 
  Ratatouille Review
,  One of the key themes of Pixar's latest animated film, 
  Ratatouille Review
,  One of the key themes of Pixar's latest animated film, 
  Ratatouille Review
,  One of the key themes of Pixar's latest animated film, 
  Ratatouille Review
,  One of the key themes of Pixar's latest animated film, 
  Hospital Tycoon Review
,  If you're going to rip off a game, it's a good idea to make sure that you pick one that's both current and successful. So it's hard to understand what DR Studios was thinking when it decided to essentially remake the 1997 bomb Theme Hospital. The British developer's Hospital Tycoon is like a reheated version of Bullfrog's ancient hospital-management sim, which was actually a cheap copy of the company's Theme Park. Unsurprisingly, this copy of a copy of a copy is bland and derivative, with only a halfhearted attempt at establishing a Sims-style ambiance to make it stand apart from all the other shovelware out there with the word "tycoon" crammed somewhere into their titles.  
  Pokemon Battle Revolution Review
,  The joys of Pokemon can be a difficult thing to explain to those who haven't been hooked. From a distance, the core Pokemon games look like standard-abiding Japanese role-playing games, and the changes that the series has undergone over the years have usually been subtle. The pieces might not be revolutionary, but they fit together with a precision that makes for an RPG experience that's accessible, highly engaging, and lasts a long time.   
  Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas Review
,  Rainbow Six Vegas is one of the very best Xbox 360 shooters of the past year, so it was only a matter of time before Ubisoft brought it over to the PlayStation 3. Thankfully, the PS3 version is just as good as the Xbox 360 game, and it even packs a lot of content that 360 fans had to pay extra for. The result is one of the very best tactical shooters made to date.  
  Hour of Victory Review
,  With a generic name that sounds like it was pulled out of a hat full of "World War II" words, it's easy to feel like Midway's Hour of Victory is nothing more than a shameless attempt to trick people who already purchased Call of Duty or Medal of Honor games. But Hour of Victory utterly fails at this attempt. On the disc lies a world where tanks clip through the ground, where the game randomly decides to stop working, and where clubbing someone with the back-end of a rifle is far more effective than actually firing it. Hour of Victory is broken in several spectacular ways; and no one, under any circumstances, should play this game.  
  AFL Premiership 2007 Review
,  Melbourne-based development house IR Gurus has been at the helm of the AFL Premiership series for quite some time now, pumping out a new game every year in much the same way that EA Sports cycles through a Madden or Tiger Woods title yearly. IR Gurus' latest--AFL Premiership 2007--comes less than 12 months after its 2006 effort. The quick turnaround is good, but the bad news for Aussie sports lovers is that AFL Premiership 2007 is, for the most part, the 2006 game with only minor additions and with most of the faults of its predecessors.   
  The Adventures of Darwin Review
,  D3's The Adventures of Darwin is a powerful assault on evolutionary theory, and a convincing argument in favor of intelligent design. But it's not a good game. Instead, it's like the primitive, knuckle-dragging ancestor of one, namely Pikmin. You see, if evolution worked like it's supposed to, this game would have come out 
  PaRappa the Rapper Review
,  Playing PaRappa the Rapper in 2007 is a little bit like trying to fight in a modern war with an ancient spear you dug up out of some archeological site. The game is a relic of a time when rhythm games were just trying to get their footing. It's far more interesting as something to look back on than it is something to play in an age when the rhythm genre has gone and leapt several tall buildings from where it was a decade ago. So it's a bit curious that PaRappa would see a release as a proper $30 PSP game as opposed to a cheaper PlayStation Network download, which has been the case with several other notable PS games. The added content in the form of a tacked-on multiplayer mode and some downloadable remixes isn't enough to justify the price tag either, so what you're left with is an overly expensive curiosity from the past that probably won't hold your attention for terribly long.  
  Yie Ar Kung Fu Review
,  Yie Ar Kung Fu is one of those arcade games that has largely been lost in time. When it was released in 1985, it was technically one of the first fighting games on the scene. But because it didn't allow for two-player competitive play, it's hard to compare it to what we now consider a fighting game. This one-on-one battle game pits you, as a generic kung fu guy named Oolong, against a variety of fighting thugs armed with swords, chains, clubs, fans, blubber, and so on. It's a relic from arcade's past that probably won't appeal to new players, but outside of being able to say "Hey, I remember liking this game back in the day," old arcade buffs probably won't get $5 out of it either.  
  Nervous Brickdown Review
,  There are plenty of ways you can make an old video game concept feel fresh again. You can gussy up the graphics, turn 2D into 3D, or maybe even slap some recognizable personalities on the box, be they fictional or otherwise. However, Nervous Brickdown goes its own route--or should we say routes? It offers a suite of unique variations on the classic brick-and-bat gameplay typified by such games as Breakout and Arkanoid. Some of the variants in Nervous Brickdown offer just a simple twist, while others virtually rewrite the formula, sometimes making the game feel more like a shooter or a dungeon crawler than a Breakout clone. The differences also go beyond just the mechanics, with each variant sporting a striking visual style and some fitting, often quite catchy, music. The results aren't always consistent, but Nervous Brickdown hits more often than it misses.  
  Golden Axe Review
,  Golden Axe is Sega's fantasy-themed, scrolling beat-'em-up, which takes the concept popularized by Double Dragon and brings it to the Middle Ages, complete with swords and sorcery. This emulation of the arcade version feels nicely accurate, and it has the standard set of Xbox Live Arcade features, but it's also a game that you can blow through in around 20 minutes. Between its unlimited continues and crusty looks, you're probably only going to be interested in this game if you liked it back in 1989.  
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  Electronic Arts has produced two very similar renditions of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix for the Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance. The graphics in the DS game are more detailed, and the stylus acts just like a magic wand in that version, but the two games are otherwise virtually identical. Each is a collection of minigames and fetch quests woven into the story framework of the fifth Harry Potter film (and the book, to some extent). Regardless of which version you play, you'll get to control Harry, wander around a meticulous replica of the Hogwarts grounds, and cast spells alongside the other members of Dumbledore's Army. However, what you won't get from either version of the game is the same high level of tension and excitement that you got from the movie or the book. Showdowns that were epic in the movie are depicted as dull, turn-based duels or as static images, and the filler-style fetch quests only serve to stretch what should be a two-hour story into an eight-hour grind.  
  Sonic the Hedgehog Arcade Review
,  As Sega's response to the ubiquity of Mario, Sonic was a success specifically because of how unlike your usual Super Mario Bros. experience it was. It was still a run-to-the-right platformer set in a colorful and detail-rich fantasy world, but the focus on speed over intricate platform-jumping and hordes of enemies gave it a flavor all its own, one that Sega has been mining with varying degrees of success for the past 16 years. Sega has rereleased the original Sonic the Hedgehog many times over, with last year's appearance on the Wii Virtual Console being its most recent. And now it's arrived on Xbox Live Arcade.   
  Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix Review
,  Electronic Arts has produced two very similar renditions of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix for the Nintendo DS and Game Boy Advance. The graphics in the DS game are more detailed, and the stylus acts just like a magic wand in that version, but the two games are otherwise virtually identical. Each is a collection of minigames and fetch quests woven into the story framework of the fifth Harry Potter film (and the book, to some extent). Regardless of which version you play, you'll get to control Harry, wander around a meticulous replica of the Hogwarts grounds, and cast spells alongside the other members of Dumbledore's Army. However, what you won't get from either version of the game is the same high level of tension and excitement that you got from the movie or the book. Showdowns that were epic in the movie are depicted as dull, turn-based duels or as static images, and the filler-style fetch quests only serve to stretch what should be a two-hour story into an eight-hour grind.  
  Terror Strike: Close Quarters Combat Review
,  Speed kills. Consider this the big message of Terror Strike: Close Quarters Combat, a year-old tactical shooter (it hit Europe in early 2006 under the name of The Regiment) from Kuju Entertainment that revs up the terrorist-killing meme of Rainbow Six so much that it feels like a lethal biathlon. This certainly lends the proceedings a unique intensity, but ventilating tangos and rescuing hostages like some kind of Flash in army boots exposes serious holes in squad artificial intelligence, level design, and game mechanics. So all this breathtaking velocity really only serves to take you from "Hey, this is kind of a neat budget take on Tom Clancy" to "I want to throw my mouse through my monitor" at a breakneck pace.  
  Call for Heroes: Pompolic Wars Review
,  As the back of the Call for Heroes: Pompolic Wars box proclaims, "It is the darkest of times." Well, that's certainly true enough for anyone who installs and plays the game within. This action RPG from Quotix Software hits new lows in mind-numbing combat and ridiculously confusing level design.  
  Dragon Spirit Review
,  Dragon Spirit is a vertical scrolling shoot-'em-up that Namco originally produced for the arcades in 1987 and then ported to multiple home consoles during the next couple of years. Now, the TurboGrafx-16 version of Dragon Spirit is available from Nintendo's Virtual Console shop for 600 Wii points ($6). If you hadn't heard of the game until now, you're not alone. It isn't a cult classic or some hidden gem. It's just a boilerplate shooter that puts players in control of a fire-breathing dragon...a dragon that is a huge, slow-moving bullet magnet.  
  Chicken Shoot Review
,  Certainly the Wii would seem to be an ideal system for light-gun games. Just point the Wii Remote at the screen, fire away at zombies, soldiers, terrorists, or whatever else happens to pop up onscreen, and a good time should be had by all. Unless, of course, you're shooting chickens--specifically, in Chicken Shoot, a DSI-published release that is actually a Wii update of a PC downloadable game that's nearly five years old. Imagine the old NES classic Duck Hunt, now toss in a couple of poorly implemented bonus weapons, make the ducks a bunch of wacky chickens, and make the action as soul-crushingly boring as possible. That's Chicken Shoot in a nutshell.  
  Missile Command Review
,  Missile Command on the Xbox 360 serves as a clear example of how not to do a remake. With its inaccurate emulation of the original game and a completely lifeless "evolved" version of the game mashed together in the same package, it manages to disappoint on all fronts.  
  Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper Fighting Review
,  Here's to hoping that you held out for the inevitable. Late last year, Capcom released the SNES version of Street Fighter II: The World Warrior to the Wii Virtual Console. As any card-carrying Street Fighter fan knows, this was the first iteration of the game, before all the extra characters, playable bosses, game speed changes, and whatnot ever came to fruition. It's certainly still a good fighting game in its own right, but later versions pretty much trumped it in every conceivable way. Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper Fighting is such a version. Like Hyper Fighting in the arcades, this release allowed for a much faster game, battles between the same character, and four new playable fighters in the form of the boss characters. For all intents and purposes, the arcade version of Hyper Fighting is still one of the best 2D fighting games ever made, and though the SNES version isn't quite as fantastic, it's still a fun fighter in its own right.  
  Touchmaster Review
,  It's a safe bet that most Nintendo DS owners are probably too young to have ever played Midway's popular touch-screen games that are found atop bars across the country. But that hasn't stopped Midway from releasing Touchmaster, a nice compilation of 23 of its best touch-screen games. Most of the games are quite good, work well on the DS, and are simple yet fun enough to be enjoyed by players of all ages.  
  Hoshigami: Ruining Blue Earth Remix Review
,  Some titles beg to be remade or rereleased; Hoshigami: Ruining Blue Earth, the PlayStation strategy role-playing game, is not one of them. It's not that Hoshigami Remix is bad, but it's wildly inconsistent and harshly demanding even on normal difficulty. It's also not a very good choice for a gamer on the go: Battles are long and the learning curve is steep, so short sessions are not only unsatisfying, they are often impossible. There are some good ideas at work here, but the game asks a lot of you and doesn't give a lot back, which makes playing it feel more like work than fun.   
  Bloody Wolf Review
,  Bloody Wolf is a "run and gun" shoot-'em-up that was originally released for the TurboGrafx-16 and shares a great deal in common with games like Commando, MERCS, and Ikari Warriors. You play the part of a lone mercenary sent to rescue the president and a bunch of POWs from a fortified island occupied by a terrorist army. Each of the game's eight stages consists of multiple areas that scroll horizontally or vertically as you move through them. Using a machine gun, a knife, and some grenades, the general idea is to slaughter the multitudes of enemy soldiers that appear, without running into too many of their bullets and bombs. The screen is usually hectic with all the bullets and explosions, and the heavily armed bosses waiting at the end of each stage further increase the intensity level.  
  Super Mario Bros. 2 Review
,  There's something really weird about NES sequels to major Nintendo franchises--a fact that the Wii Virtual Console is helping to highlight again now, many years after the original system's lifespan came to a close. Zelda II is one already-released example of a franchise going in a patently crazy direction, and now there's Super Mario Bros. 2 to gawk at. SMB2 was indeed a departure from what Super Mario Bros. laid out, adding four playable characters, the ability to pick up enemies, a variety of weird power-ups, and a gaggle of enemies and bosses that were most definitely 
  Dead Reefs Review
,  Gothic atmosphere and a creepy haunted house aren't quite enough to keep Dead Reefs in the land of the living. While the look and sound of the Streko Graphics-developed adventure are guaranteed to send shivers down your spine, these chills are offset by the aggravation caused by terrible controls, dingy scenery that obscures items vital to your quest, and the near-total absence of feedback and hints. A delightfully spooky tale has been run aground due to second-rate execution.  
  The Guild 2: Pirates Of The High Seas Review
,  Pirates of the High Seas is a stand-alone expansion pack for The Guild 2 that isn't big on innovation. This is essentially the exact same game as its 2006 predecessor, with the one not-so-big change to this "medieval Sims with economics" being the addition of sea trading and piracy to the list of occupations used to escape lowly serfdom. Yet while there are real pluses to being able to go all Blackbeard on those Hanseatic League, developer 4Head hasn't done enough to address the micromanagement issues of its core design, or other preexisting problems like poor pathfinding and demanding system requirements.  
  China Warrior Review
,  China Warrior for the TurboGrafx-16 is what you'd get if you replaced the monsters in Sega's Altered Beast with fighting monks then set out make the graphics, audio, and gameplay 10 times worse. In the game, you control a Bruce Lee look-alike that automatically walks to the right while robed monks, flying ghosts, and bouncing boulders constantly sail toward you. The large characters will impress you for a second or two, after which your eyes and ears will endure a steady diet of ugly backgrounds, almost nonexistent animation, and Chinese music drowned in static. Monks will occasionally strike a pose, and snakes will sometimes coil up in front of you. However, most enemies simply walk by and nonchalantly dole out damage by colliding with you.  
  NES Open Tournament Golf Review
,  Even back in his NES days, Mario was doing everything from refereeing boxing matches in Punch-Out!! to dishing out medicine in Dr. Mario. He also participated in a fair share of sporting events, including 1991's NES Open Tournament Golf, which has just been released for 500 Wii points on the Virtual Console. It's a solid game that can be quite challenging, but there are so many better and deeper golf games available that unless you want to play it again purely for nostalgia's sake, it's tough to recommend.  
  Yoshi Review
,  As the title suggests, Yoshi (or Mario & Yoshi if you're in Europe or Australia) is a puzzle game featuring Mario's green dinosaur buddy. Yoshi was very much overlooked when it was first published in 1992 because it was so late in the Nintendo Entertainment System's console's life cycle, but now Nintendo is giving the game a second chance to find an audience by making it available for the Wii's Virtual Console service. While the game's design certainly is unique, most players will probably deem it too shallow to warrant serious attention, especially those weaned on A-list puzzlers, such as Tetris, Puyo Puyo, and Puzzle League.  
  B-17: Fortress in the Sky Review
,  B-17: Fortress in the Sky for the Nintendo DS is a port of a PC game that was originally published in 2001 under the title B-17 Gunner: Air War Over Germany. "Gunner" being the relevant word, as this lighthearted World War II shoot-'em-up puts the CPU in charge of flying the legendary B-17 aircraft while you primarily focus on aiming its numerous gun turrets. If you like blowing stuff up, you may enjoy shooting down German aircraft and destroying their factories for a short while. Unfortunately, there isn't enough variety or glitz here to hold your attention for much more than a half hour or so, let alone the four or five hours it takes to complete all 25 missions.  
  Transformers: The Game Review
,  The new Transformers games haven't exactly been a picnic up to this point, but none of them can hold a candle to the level of sheer drudgery that Transformers: The Game for the PSP offers. It's not that the game is devoid of a winning formula or anything. You get to play as any number of the various Autobots or Decepticons, stomping through a bunch of different environments while shooting and punching opposing robots. You also get to shoot some tanks, helicopters, and whatnot. Giant robots blowing stuff up should and almost always is awesome. In Transformers, it's anything but.  
  Civilization IV: Beyond the Sword Review
,  There's a reason why the Civilization series is one of the oldest and most beloved strategy game dynasties you can find on computers today. The addictive turn-based games draw on real-world history and offer open-ended gameplay that lets you conquer the world as a warlord, diplomat, or scientist. They also have a disturbing tendency to keep you up late into the night taking "just one more turn." Civilization IV was an award-winning new chapter in the series in 2005, and last year's Warlords expansion pack helped make a good thing even better. And now, the Beyond the Sword expansion brings even more improvements to a solid foundation. The new game adds plenty of features that breathe new life into the core Civilization gameplay, and also tosses in lots of new content in the form of new modifications ("mods") and custom scenarios to play through. Not all of the expansion's additions are clear-cut improvements, but if you're a Civ fan, you'll find that Beyond the Sword will give you plenty of reasons to get hooked all over again.  
  Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3 Review
,  The PlayStation 2 may have reached its twilight years, but there is no shortage of great games being released for it. Enter Persona 3, the latest in the Shin Megami Tensei series to reach American shores. Luckily, you won't need any previous experience with the Persona franchise to appreciate its uniquely dark sensibilities, though series fans will find plenty of familiar references in which to revel. This is a quality role-playing experience that weaves distinctive gameplay elements into a fascinating story that unfolds slowly but keeps you constantly guessing. It's also atypically mature, but then again, any game that features your party members repeatedly shooting themselves in the head isn't for the squeamish. Indeed, the game's signature mechanic is this: To summon your inner self--or persona--you point a pistol at your head and pull the trigger.   
  Hot Shots Tennis Review
,  For fans of golf video games, the words "Hot Shots" conjure up images of goofy, cartoonlike characters playing fast-paced golf on fictional courses in far-off places. The Hot Shots Golf series has been tremendously popular since its debut on the PlayStation, and now, with Hot Shots Tennis, developer Clap Hanz is hoping that the "Hot Shots" style will translate to tennis. It doesn't--at least not very well. The game's controls aren't good, there are limited play modes, and it's just not much fun.   
  Air Zonk Review
,  In the genre of shoot-'em-ups, which includes games like Gradius and R-Type, there exists a subgenre that many people refer to as "cute-'em-ups." Structurally speaking, a cute-'em-up is like any other side-scrolling shooter. However, whereas traditional shooters tend to depict futuristic spaceships engaging in battle with serious alien creatures, a cute-'em-up usually features a goofy mascot trading firepower with cuddly teddy bears and googly-eyed puffballs. Air Zonk--originally published for the TurboGrafx-16 in 1992 and now available for the Wii's Virtual Console--is a textbook example of a cute-'em-up. The hero is a cybernetic rendition of Hudson's Bonk character, and his enemies are outlandish creatures that look as if they were yanked out of a Saturday-morning cartoon.  
  Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer Review
,  The Nintendo DS rendition of Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a prime example of why video games based on movies tend to get a bad rap. This collection of side-scrolling levels, shoot-'em-up stages, and boss battles gives the distinct impression that the developer just quickly threw some levels together then shoehorned the characters in at the last moment. Roughly half of the game involves jumping between platforms and beating up generic enemies. With the exception of a couple of key levels and scenes, the story centers around characters and events that weren't even in the movie. On top of that, you can complete the whole game and unlock every bonus in well under two hours.  
  Steel Horizon Review
,  Earlier this year, Konami released Steel Horizon for the Nintendo DS. Billed as a naval "strategy" game, Steel Horizon offered a not-yet-played-out take on World War II combat, but it dealt in extremely shallow gameplay. That game has now reemerged on the PlayStation Portable. While Konami has certainly put the intermittent three months to use, the fruit of the team's efforts remains much the same. Other than a surprisingly enjoyable storyline, fans of turn-based strategy games will find little to like, and much to loathe, about Steel Horizon.  
  Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2 Review
,  Ghost Recon is a franchise that was born on the PC, so it was nice last year when Ubisoft commissioned a separate version of Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter that was built directly for the PC instead of merely porting over the Xbox 360 game of the same name. That way, Xbox 360 gamers could get a third-person action game while PC gamers could get a hardcore first-person shooter. That trend continues with Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter 2, which again comes in a separate PC version that's tailored for the platform. Nevertheless, you'll need to be a pretty die-hard fan of extremely unforgiving combat to get through this one.  
  NCAA Football 08 Review
,  By now PlayStation 2 and Xbox owners have a pretty good idea of what to expect when it comes to the latest version of their favorite sports franchises. They know the games will look and play pretty much the same as they did the previous year, but there's always the question of what features from the current generation have trickled their way down to these older console versions. When it comes to NCAA Football 08, the answer to that question is, "Not much." If you've been away from the series for a while or you're new to it entirely, NCAA 08 is worth a look, but there's very little here to warrant a purchase if you already own last year's game.  
  NCAA Football 08 Review
,  By now PlayStation 2 and Xbox owners have a pretty good idea of what to expect when it comes to the latest version of their favorite sports franchises. They know the games will look and play pretty much the same as they did the previous year, but there's always the question of what features from the current generation have trickled their way down to these older console versions. When it comes to NCAA Football 08, the answer to that question is, "Not much." If you've been away from the series for a while or you're new to it entirely, NCAA 08 is worth a look, but there's very little here to warrant a purchase if you already own last year's game.  
  Marvel Trading Card Game Review
,  Upper Deck Entertainment, one of the more prominent purveyors of collectible trading-card games today, has teamed up with Konami to create a digital version of Upper Deck's Marvel-licensed TCG with the succinctly (if dryly) named Marvel Trading Card Game. It seems like a solid representation of Upper Deck's robust, flexible, and rather popular Vs. System Trading Card Game, and it packs a solid online element. As is the case with most digitized TCGs, it's not a particularly exciting game to watch. If you're not already knee-deep in the real-world Vs. System Trading Card Game, or other similarly advanced TCGs, it can be a confusing experience, as well.  
  Vampire Rain Review
,  Playing Splinter Cell with vampires isn't as cool in reality as it is on paper. Despite an absolutely fantastic concept that transforms Sam Fisher's spies and saboteurs into postmodern bloodsuckers called Nightwalkers, insta-death difficulty and confusing level design make Vampire Rain nearly unplayable. Developer Artoon hits some high notes with guts and gore, but the frustration factor kills whatever pluses the game has going for it.  
  Bomberman Live Review
,  Lots of classic games have been returning to our TV screens lately with mixed results, thanks to the advent of services like Xbox Live, Nintendo's Virtual Console, and the PlayStation Network. Not all of these old series have passed the test of time. Hudson's Bomberman, however, is a perfect student of modern gaming. This new version of the old classic doesn't just capture the series' antique essence; it actually makes more sense now as a casual online multiplayer game than it did in the late eighties when it exploded onto Nintendo Entertainment Systems everywhere. The only downside is that it's utterly boring to play by yourself, but considering that this game seems tailor-made for multiplayer action, that's perhaps understandable.   
  Project Sylpheed Review
,  Project Sylpheed is a mission-based space shooter in the spirit of the Wing Commander series. You'll fly around space, dogfighting with other spacecraft and launching big missiles at larger capital ships, just as you'd expect from a game in this vein. The action is surrounded by pre-rendered cutscenes that give the whole game a bit of anime flair, for better and for worse. Ultimately, this game is brought down by its short length, poor control, and bad technical performance.  
  Brothers In Arms Review
,  World War II shooters are plentiful and popular on consoles and even on the PSP, but until Brothers In Arms DS was released last week, Nintendo's handheld had been without a WWII game to call its own. What Gameloft was able to accomplish with Brothers In Arms DS is impressive from a technical standpoint, but it seems that most of the developer's energy was focused simply on getting the game to work, not on making a great game. If you absolutely must have a handheld WWII-based shooter and the DS is your only option, Brothers In Arms will probably satisfy that need. It's still not very good, though.  
  Dungeon Maker: Hunting Grounds Review
,  There's nothing quite like Dungeon Maker: Hunting Grounds. Half action role-playing game and half dungeon-construction sim, it ends up being better than the sum of its parts simply because it mixes up the gameplay nicely, at least in the earlier hours of the game. Granted, the limits of both pieces of the puzzle become more obvious over time, and the combat becomes more monotonous the deeper the dungeons get. But even then, Dungeon Maker is a compelling argument for the idea that stale individual ingredients can taste fresh again if the recipe is unique. The gist is simple: If you build it, they will come. In this case, you build a dungeon by setting down corridors and rooms, as well as dressing them up with various kits, such as fountain rooms or study sets. And as it should be with any winding, well-appointed dungeon, the monsters start moving in. Then you kill them.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Loosely based on the movie of the same name, Surf's Up for the Nintendo DS is a racing game in which all of the participants are penguins riding atop surfboards. The general idea is that you're supposed to complete laps around a course full of obstacles, turbo pads, and jump ramps. Then, hopefully you'll end up in first place, thanks to some help from the weapon boxes scattered around the track and your own arsenal of trick moves. You'll find that the racing is riotous, tricks are fun to perform, and the 3D graphics really show off the DS's capabilities. However, your time with the game will likely be short-lived unless you can take advantage of its multiplayer options.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Loosely based on the movie of the same name, Surf's Up for the Sony PSP is a racing game in which all of the participants are penguins riding atop surfboards. The general idea is that you're supposed to complete laps around a course full of obstacles, turbo pads, and jump ramps. Then, hopefully you'll end up in first place, thanks to some help from the weapon boxes scattered around the track and your own arsenal of trick moves. Although you don't have much control over the tricks you perform, the racing is usually riotous and the attractive 3D graphics generally put the system's horsepower to good use. Just don't expect to get more than an afternoon or two out of the game before you're finished with it.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Surf's Up for the Game Boy Advance is a racing game in which all of the participants are penguins riding atop surfboards. The general idea is that you're supposed to outrun three other opponents to the end of a side-scrolling course loaded with obstacles, jump ramps, and grind rails. For the first 10 minutes or so, the game is genuinely fun because you're figuring out what to do and discovering all kinds of fancy trick moves. However, after the initial break-in period, you'll quickly tire of smoking the competition and repeatedly performing the same tricks. As it is, the whole game can be completed in a couple of hours.  
  Lost Planet: Extreme Condition Review
,  Capcom has opted to bring Lost Planet: Extreme Condition, its exciting Xbox 360 shooter, to the PC, complete with DX10 support. But all is not well with this port. Right off the bat, you'll detect signs of platform translation. The pop-up tutorials all refer to the Xbox 360 controller, leaving equivalent keyboard commands completely out of the equation--and if you're a keyboard jockey, the correspondingly awkward menu navigation will be the first thing you notice. You may also observe another major annoyance: Lost Planet requires you to be connected to the Internet via Valve Software's Steam client just to play the single-player game. Losing your connection during gameplay will cause the game client to quit, and since there are no midmission saves, you'll have to replay the entire mission from the beginning. Without the connection, the game can't start, and at press time, will not start even if Steam is in offline mode.   
  Carcassonne Review
,  Following the successful translation of classic German board game Catan to the Xbox Live Arcade comes Carcassonne, another classic German board game revamped for Xbox 360 owners. However, unlike Catan, Carcassonne's strategic gameplay doesn't require the patient type to appreciate. It's a quickly paced game that has you building cities, roads, monasteries, and farmlands by placing tiles strategically across a game board. Like Catan, Carassonne is a rather dry interpretation of the game, going light on the bells and whistles found in many other Live Arcade downloads. But the addictive strategy of the gameplay is undeniable, and the online support for up to five total players gives the game plenty of legs.   
  Defender of the Crown: Heroes Live Forever Review
,  Another childhood memory destroyed. Remaking the 1987 Cinemaware classic Defender of the Crown (and giving it the cheesy subtitle of Heroes Live Forever) might have been a great idea on paper, but the game crafted by TechFront Studios is so awful that it tarnishes whatever happy memories you might have of the original. This is more of a repackaging of the first game than a true remake, and the production values are so far below the bottom drawer that they're in the basement. Do yourself a favor and leave this game in the back of your mind's closet along with Reaganomics, Cyndi Lauper, and the rest of the 1980s.  
  Transformers: The Game Review
,  Transformers: The Game is very much the archetypal movie-licensed game. It's got all the hallmark problems of the genre, including short length, overly simplistic mechanics, a barely-there story, and a bit of a sloppy feel. It is simply an excuse for fans of the upcoming live action film (and maybe even some fans of the old cartoons who, admittedly, will take pretty much anything they can get at this point) to run around, awkwardly beating up Autobots or Decepticons in various semidestructible environments. If that's all you want out of the game, then Transformers might provide you a few mild hours of entertainment. If you were hoping for something more, Transformers will probably just disappoint you.  
  SimCity DS Review
,  If you don't think city planning sounds like a good time, you probably haven't played the Sim City series, the simulation devoted not to destruction, but construction. Though it lacks guns and swords, it has never lacked for innovation, playability, or fans. But where Will Wright was able to build the games into an empire on PCs, EA will have to settle for a hamlet with its handheld update, SimCity DS. Even though you can spend several enjoyable hours placing parks, building roads, and crafting a sprawling city, a few structural flaws make this version feel relatively small town.  
  The BIGS Review
,  As good as baseball games have gotten, many people feel that they're too complex and yearn for the old days where you could play an entire game in 15 minutes but didn't have to have a college degree to figure out the controls. If you've ever felt this way, or you just like fast-paced, over-the-top baseball, The BIGS should be right up your alley. It's also perfectly suited for the PSP, making it an ideal choice for sports fans on the go.  
  The BIGS Review
,  As good as baseball games have gotten, many people feel that they're too complex and yearn for the old days where you could play an entire game in 15 minutes but didn't have to have a college degree to figure out the controls. If you've ever felt this way, or you just like fast-paced, over-the-top baseball, The BIGS should be right up your alley.   
  The BIGS Review
,  As good as baseball games have gotten, many people feel that they're too complex and yearn for the old days where you could play an entire game in 15 minutes but didn't have to have a college degree to figure out the controls. If you've ever felt this way, or if you just like fast-paced, over-the-top baseball, The BIGS for the PlayStation 2, while not the ideal version, should be right up your alley.   
  TrackMania United Review
,  Slot car fantasies come to life in TrackMania United, the latest addition to the zaniest, most addictive arcade racing franchise to ever hit the PC. French developer Nadeo may stick a little too close to the original TrackMania and its sequel TrackMania Sunrise, but the concepts introduced in those games have been refined to near-perfection here. Dozens of insanely catchy tracks, fantastic online support, and a few new gameplay hooks will have you craving the next race the second you finish the last one.  
  Sword of the Stars: Born of Blood Review
,  Sword of the Stars: Born of Blood is an expansion pack to last year's stylish turn-based space strategy game, Sword of the Stars. Like most expansions, it adds a fair amount of new content to its predecessor. There's a new, playable alien race (boosting the total to five); a slew of cool new gameplay features; and loads of improvements. However, it's also like a graduate-level course in the original game because Born of Blood feels like it was made for diehard Sword of the Stars fans ready for a new level of difficulty.  
  Call of Juarez Review
,  We know about the genre known as the spaghetti western, but is there such a thing as a pierogi western? There is now, thanks to Polish developer Techland's Call of Juarez. An Old West-themed first-person shooter, Call of Juarez fits snugly into the solid little niche that games like Gun and Red Dead Revolver have already taken up residence in. The game is similarly hard-boiled and filled with gunslinging, horseback riding, train robbery, and all the other staples of the western genre that you might have already gotten your fill of. Still, for as few risks as Call of Juarez takes across the board, it's a well-made genre exercise that's more often entertaining than not.  
  Final Fantasy Anniversary Edition Review
,  This is where it all started. The original Final Fantasy appeared on the Famicom in Japan 20 years ago and reached American shores three years later. Since then, it has appeared on a variety of systems, most recently as part of Final Fantasy I & II: Dawn of Souls on the Game Boy Advance. As a piece of nostalgia, Final Fantasy Anniversary Edition is a decent romp through a true classic, where random encounters rule and fetch quests are a way of life. If you haven't played it yet and can set aside modern expectations, you'll probably get a kick out of the earliest Final Fantasy game.   
  PQ2 Review
,  While many puzzle games like to carry an intellectual air, few have been as blunt about it as last year's PQ: Practical Intelligence Quotient. As a sort of parallel to the popular brain-training games, PQ put you through a series of 100 three-dimensional logic puzzles. Based on specifics of your performance, such as speed and overall efficiency, you were assigned a PQ score, a sort of meta-intelligence rating. While the puzzles themselves could be deliciously challenging exercises in logic and spatial relations, there wasn't enough context for the PQ scores to really mean anything. That there was a loophole that made padding your PQ score a trivial matter didn't help, either. These issues and more are addressed in PQ2, which accomplishes much of what a sequel should. It bolsters what was good about the original with new, complementary gameplay mechanics and modes, while fine-tuning the parts that didn't quite work.  
  Band of Bugs Review
,  On the surface, spending 800 points on Xbox Live Arcade for a seemingly full-featured turn-based strategy game seems like a good deal. Band of Bugs has a solid single-player campaign, a number of multiplayer modes, and a bunch of maps. The problem isn't that there aren't enough ways to experience the gameplay as much as it is that the gameplay isn't satisfying enough to be worthwhile. If you're a strategy enthusiast, you might be able to look past the simplicity to find some enjoyment in here. But more casual fans of Ninja Bee's prior efforts will probably be surprised by the inconsistent pace and frequently frustrating story mode.   
  Mercury Meltdown Revolution Review
,  Even since its starting point on the PSP, Mercury was always meant to be played with tilt control. Deep in the vaults at developer Ignition Entertainment lay a motion-sensitive adaptor for the console that never saw the light of day. So when Nintendo revealed that the Wii would offer a controller with such a feature, a conversion for the console was pretty much assured. While Mercury Meltdown Revolution is effectively the PSP game with a few new levels, the implementation of the Wii Remote is faultless, refining the experience and making it more enjoyable than before. What's more, it's a game with immense longevity, and if you're a fan of puzzle games, you shouldn't miss out.  
  Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer Review
,  It's no secret that games based on movies often get a bad rap. It's also no secret that games based on movies that are based on comic book characters tend to be among the worst offenders when it comes to portraying their source material. Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer for the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo Wii does nothing to buck that trend. Every aspect of the game is categorically bad; the story is tough to follow, the graphics are lousy, and the gameplay is so contrived and repetitive that it's unlikely anyone will garner much enjoyment from the game, no matter how low their standards are for being entertained.  
  Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer Review
,  It's no secret that games based on movies often get a bad rap. It's also no secret that games based on movies that are based on comic book characters tend to be among the worst offenders when it comes to portraying their source material. Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 does little to buck that trend. There's nothing inherently broken with the game, and until it fizzles out at the end the story's not bad, but the gameplay is so contrived and repetitive that it's unlikely anyone will garner much enjoyment from the game.  
  Code Lyoko Review
,  
  The New York Times Crosswords Review
,  One of the things the 
  Hot Brain Review
,  Hot Brain is Midway's attempt to bring the minigame-style of brain training that's become somewhat common on the Nintendo DS over to Sony's PSP. The basic premise is identical: You play a limited group of brain-teasing minigames, which will apparently make you sharper and smarter. Hot Brain doesn't have a wide variety of games, and there aren't many different ways to play those games, which makes it a short-lasting experience, but at least the quality of the minigames is generally good.  
  Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer Review
,  It's no secret that games based on movies often get a bad rap. It's also no secret that games based on movies that are based on comic book characters tend to be among the worst offenders when it comes to portraying their source material. Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer for the PlayStation 2 and Nintendo Wii does nothing to buck that trend. Every aspect of the game is categorically bad; the story is tough to follow, the graphics are lousy, and the gameplay is so contrived and repetitive that it's unlikely anyone will garner much enjoyment from the game, no matter how low their standards are for being entertained.  
  Fantastic 4: Rise of the Silver Surfer Review
,  It's no secret that games based on movies often get a bad rap. It's also no secret that games based on movies that are based on comic book characters tend to be among the worst offenders when it comes to portraying their source material. Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 does little to buck that trend. There's nothing inherently broken with the game, and until it fizzles out at the end the story's not bad, but the gameplay is so contrived and repetitive that it's unlikely anyone will garner much enjoyment from the game.  
  Puzzle Scape Review
,  It's only natural that developer Farmind would have looked to Lumines as inspiration for its new PSP puzzle game. After all, the swirling, abstract presentation of that title was exquisitely married to its gameplay, making for a unique experience that's tough to re-create. Puzzle Scape employs pulsing techno music and hallucinogenic artwork in much the same way, but the lack of artistic cohesion in each level makes the gameplay feel oddly disconnected from its presentation. It plays all right and can provide a few hours of mindless entertainment, but it lacks the addictive nature of the finest puzzle games and ultimately comes off as a pretender to the throne.  
  Resident Evil 4 Wii Edition Review
,  There's a very good chance that you've already played Resident Evil 4 on the GameCube or PlayStation 2 (or, heaven forbid, the PC). Yet the best games are worth playing through all over again. Not only does RE4 itself remain a heart-pounding thrill ride and a modern classic, but the Wii Remote and Nunchuk controls breathe new life into a game that is still a treat to play, two years after release.   
  The BIGS Review
,  As good as baseball games have gotten, many people feel that they're too complex and yearn for the old days where you could play an entire game in 15 minutes but didn't have to have a college degree to figure out the controls. If you like fast-paced, over-the-top baseball, The BIGS should be right up your alley. However, the motion-sensing controls aren't always ideal and the lack of online play and home run pinball make the Wii version, while still good, inferior to the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions.   
  The BIGS Review
,  As good as baseball games have gotten, many people feel that they're too complex and yearn for the old days where you could play an entire game in 15 minutes but didn't have to have a college degree to figure out the controls. If you've ever felt this way, or you just like fast-paced, over-the-top baseball, The BIGS should be right up your alley.   
  UFO: Afterlight Review
,  What's in a name? Altar Games hasn't made much progress over the past few years when it comes to the unimaginative subtitles of its UFO series, but at least the developer is continually improving the games themselves. The latest addition to the franchise, UFO: Afterlight, is certainly an upgrade on both its UFO: Aftermath and UFO: Aftershock predecessors. However, this base-managing, alien-hunting escapade has some tactical combat quirks and difficulty that bounces around like a superball, making it a flawed, if reasonable, rehashing of the X-COM formula.   
  Go! Puzzle Review
,  Given the preponderance of puzzle games available for Xbox Live Arcade, it's somewhat surprising that Go! Puzzle is the first true puzzle game for Sony's online store. This collection of three games (Aquatica, Skyscraper, and Swizzle Blocks) can be purchased for $5.99 or you can buy them separately for $2.99 per game. In addition to the main single-player modes, you'll find secondary play modes, multiplayer, online play, online video chat with the EyeToy, and online leaderboards. There's no question that you get a lot for your money with Go! Puzzle, but only one of the three games is any good, so if you buy the whole collection, you might not feel like you're getting your money's worth.  
  Sonic the Hedgehog 2 Review
,  Sonic the Hedgehog 2 was a hit right out of the gate when it was first published for the Sega Genesis in November of 1992. Sales of the game were so strong that within six months, Sega accounted for 50 percent of all home video game sales (to Nintendo's corresponding 50 percent). Like its predecessor, the sequel flipped the script on the Mario formula by emphasizing the "run" in run-and-jump platformers. On top of that, it took everything that was good in the original Sonic the Hedgehog and made it better. The graphics were livelier, the levels were bigger, a new move gave Sonic even more speed, and two-player functionality was added that turned playing into a social activity. Now, this landmark game is available for the Wii's Virtual Console service.   
  Prince of Persia Classic Review
,  If you've ever heard someone say, "Back in my day, video games were hard! We didn't have fancy save systems or checkpoints! We died all the time, and we liked it!" chances are pretty good that person has a tale or two about Prince of Persia. Originally released in 1989 for the Apple II and then ported to pretty much every other system of the time, Prince of Persia was defined by its top-notch animation, tough combat, and challenging platforming elements. Eighteen years later, the game has received a serious face-lift and has been released on the Xbox Live Marketplace for 800 points ($10). A shiny new coat of paint and a more forgiving difficulty curve make Prince of Persia Classic a game worth owning if you're a fan of the original, a fan of the more recent Prince of Persia games, or just a fan of action platforming games in general.  
  Scarface: The World Is Yours Review
,  Scarface: The World Is Yours was a shoddy Grand Theft Auto-style game that was released on the PlayStation 2, PC, and Xbox last year. Now, for whatever reason, Vivendi has decided to bring the game to the Wii. On the surface that's not a bad idea, because there's nothing else like it currently available on Nintendo's platform. But adapting a game with a ton of different controls for a controller that wasn't built for this sort of action makes an already-lackluster game a little worse.  
  GrimGrimoire Review
,  What is a grimoire, and how did it get so grim? It's a good question, but there are far more important reasons for you to pick up a copy of GrimGrimoire than just to find out the answer. Instead, play it because it's a colorful, original strategy title with a big heart and compelling gameplay. It's also an arresting display of painstaking artistry, overflowing with imposing mythical creatures and amusing unit designs. It's not every day that a game this unique comes along, and while it's got its share of minor flaws, it's a delight to play and hard to forget.   
  Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas Review
,  After almost a decade on the PC and consoles, the Rainbow Six franchise has finally arrived on the PlayStation Portable with Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas. When the Xbox 360 version of Vegas arrived last year, it reinvigorated the franchise with thrilling gameplay and cutting-edge graphics. However, Ubisoft wisely realized it would be impossible to port that experience to the PSP. Instead, Ubisoft Quebec crafted an entirely new Rainbow Six Vegas custom-made for the platform. The result is an interesting, though short, tactical action game.  
  Golden Axe II Review
,  In most respects, Golden Axe II is a carbon copy of the original Golden Axe. Like the first game, the sequel is a medieval-themed beat-'em-up that lets one or two players hack and slash their way through six levels of undead warriors or evil wizards. Sega concocted new enemies and new levels for this second game, as well as tweaked the way magic spells are used. But otherwise, it left the underlying gameplay and presentation quality alone. Unfortunately, the one aspect of the original game that didn't make it into the sequel is its charm. More to the point, Golden Axe II lacks all of the stylish nuances that made it so easy for players to overlook the first game's shortcomings and have a good time.  
  Time Ace Review
,  If you were an expert pilot who could travel through time, would you A) take over the world B) defend it from the kinds of people who would take over the world or C) fly back to the 80's and get rich betting on sports? In Time Ace, a new Konami rail shooter for the Nintendo DS, the decision is made for you. Instead of seizing a millennium's worth of royal rights or following in the fat footsteps of Biff Tannen, you thwart the anachronistic schemes of the evil Dr. Scythe as the scruffy Dr. Clock and, ultimately, save time as you know it. It's kind of ironic. After all, as you're saving time in the game, you're killing it at a bus stop or in a line and probably having a decent bit of fun. Unfortunately, your intrepid hero is so capable, he defeats Scythe in a measly few hours. Talk about a brief history of time. By the same token, this isn't an amazing journey back to the future. Time Ace has its share of bogies, such as rather poor graphics, funky mechanics, and a dumb plot to name a few, but at least it comes with a budget price tag.   
  Raw Danger Review
,  Raw Danger is the spiritual sequel to Irem's 2003 PlayStation 2 release Disaster Report, an interesting survival horror game that traded on the unpredictability of a natural disaster rather than the genre's usual staple of the shambling undead. It was an often-suspenseful experience hindered by a short running time and a game engine that was technically lacking. While Raw Danger doesn't look much better than Disaster Report, it's a much bigger game with a wide cast of playable characters and an overarching story that crisscrosses in an almost Robert Altman-style fashion. It's got a heap of problems, including some really lousy graphics, stilted voice acting, and gameplay that can be just as contrived and awkward as it can be suspenseful, but the way it weaves its story can still make for a fascinating experience.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Thank god for the occasional bucked trend. Surf's Up could very easily have been yet another lamely produced platformer or action adventure game based on an animated film. Instead, it's an oddly competent surfing game. The game eschews any attempts at retelling the film's story, and is instead content to act purely as a companion piece, letting you play as all the key characters from the film in a game that feels like a combo of Kelly Slater and Wave Race for kids. It's not a remarkable game, but at times it can be a decent bit of fun. It's just a shame that it offers so little in terms of content.  
  Lode Runner Review
,  Lode Runner is an action puzzle game that requires you to get the gold and get the heck out of each of 50 levels. You play as a little dude who can dig holes. Later in the game, trickier levels will force you to dig holes to get at some of the gold, but most of your holes will be dug to trap the guards that chase you, attempting to prevent you from stacking a grip. While the game is primarily remembered as a classic game for the Apple II and other computers of the '80s, a version was also released on the Nintendo Entertainment System. Now, that version has made its way to the Wii via the Virtual Console. It's still a healthy mix of thinking and running, and is worth another look.  
  The Sims 2: Pets Review
,  The Sims series started on the PC as a popular and difficult-to-describe strategy game that let you control the lives of little computer people in the houses you built for them, as they loved, grew old, had families, and occasionally used the potty. Eight years, several different game platforms, and numerous editions later, the series has become known for offering zany humor, colorful graphics, a gibberish language that its "sim" characters speak (known as "simlish"), and cheerful music. However, the console versions of the Sims games never quite stacked up to the PC version, mainly because the console games tended to focus on collection-based minigames and unlocking hidden items. Also, they never seemed to capture the autonomous, unpredictable artificial intelligence that powered those happy little sims in the PC versions. However, The Sims 2: Pets for the Wii ends up being closer to The Sims 2's occasionally unpredictable gameplay than any other console Sims game to date, and it adds in some additional pet-based gameplay, while keeping the console versions' typical collection gameplay in the form of cooking recipes.   
  Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu Review
,  A big part of the niche appeal of card-battle video games can be attributed to their relative complexity. Unfortunately, this complexity also tends to alienate the majority of players. And that these games often assume familiarity with real-world collectible card games doesn't help matters, either. Dragon Ball Z: Harukanaru Densetsu attempts to address this by offering a simplified card-battling system and couching it in a story mode that makes the whole experience more accessible. In the process, though, the game loses much of the strategizing that makes card battling fun.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Thank god for the occasional bucked trend. Surf's Up could very easily have been yet another lamely produced platformer or action adventure game based on an animated film. Instead, it's an oddly competent surfing game. The game eschews any attempts at retelling the film's story, and is instead content to act purely as a companion piece, letting you play as all the key characters from the film in a game that feels like a combo of Kelly Slater and Wave Race for kids. It's not a remarkable game, but at times it can be a decent bit of fun. It's just a shame that it offers so little in terms of content.  
  Kudos Review
,  Seeing as Kudos is being billed as a "life simulation game" where you play an alter ego in a virtual world, the first temptation is to dismiss the game as yet another Sims or Second Life clone. In reality, though, this Positech Games release is more of a puzzle game that challenges you to build a better life through day-by-day decisions on how best to spend your time. And while it lacks the alternate-world hook and 3D glitz that have made the Sims franchise such a phenomenon, the game's unique social commentary on what passes for a meaningful existence these days can make it awfully addictive. Everything here is a bit mundane and too depressingly close to real life at times, but the gameplay is still enthralling enough to consume many hours of your spare time.  
  ActRaiser Review
,  ActRaiser was one of the first games to hit store shelves following the launch of the SNES in North America and also one of the first games to really show off what the system could do. The juxtaposition of side-scrolling action levels and top-down city building portions was innovative at the time. The graphics demonstrated the system's ability to push rich 16-bit colors, multilayered backgrounds, and large bosses, while Yuzo Koshiro's emotionally evocative musical score raised the standards of what people would later come to expect from video game soundtracks. Now that ActRaiser is available for the Wii's Virtual Console, it's remarkable to see that 16 years of time has hardly dulled the game's ability to delight the senses and to hold a player's attention from start to finish.   
  Kid Chameleon Review
,  Originally published in 1992, Kid Chameleon is a side-scrolling action game for the Sega Genesis that you can now purchase from the Wii's Virtual Console for 800 points. The story concerns a virtual reality video game that has eaten the town's children and the young Fonzie look-alike that has entered the game world seeking to free the missing tykes. The title refers to your character's ability to put on different masks that endow you with various powers, which you'll make use of to get through all of the platforms, spike pits, monsters, and other nasty things populating the game's 94 individual levels.  
  Big Brain Academy: Wii Degree Review
,  Big Brain Academy: Wii Degree takes the same basic structure as the first Big Brain game, which appeared on the DS just over a year ago. It's essentially a sequel to the original game because it doesn't duplicate the games found on the DS, but instead replaces them with a collection of new brain-teasing minigames. While this brings the number of minigame collections on the Wii to just under 8 billion, Big Brain Academy is different enough from the average WarioWare or Mario Party-style collection to find its own niche on the platform that players of the first game should find enjoyable.  
  Diner Dash Review
,  Worn down by stress, an overbearing boss, the daily grind of a 9-to-5, or a combination of all three, many people have fantasized about quitting their jobs and setting out to do what they love. Such is the premise of Diner Dash, where you control Flo, a young woman who quits her desk job and opens a restaurant. Diner Dash's premise is quite simple, but the gameplay is fast-paced and fun. Unfortunately, though, the game is short on depth and there's little to keep you coming back for more once you've finished the main course.  
  Diner Dash Review
,  Worn down by stress, an overbearing boss, the daily grind of a 9-to-5, or a combination of all three, many people have fantasized about quitting their jobs and setting out to do what they love. Such is the premise of Diner Dash, where you control Flo, a young woman who quits her desk job and opens a restaurant. Diner Dash's premise is quite simple, but the gameplay is fast-paced and fun. Unfortunately, though, the game is short on depth and there's little to keep you coming back for more once you've finished the main course.  
  The Secrets of Atlantis: The Sacred Legacy Review
,  Few have ever gone broke ripping off classic movies and literature for adventure games, so it would seem like the developers at Atlantis Interactive Entertainment made a smart decision when they decided to clone 
  Surf's Up Review
,  Thank god for the occasional bucked trend. Surf's Up could very easily have been yet another lamely produced platformer or action adventure game based on an animated film. Instead, it's an oddly competent surfing game. The game eschews any attempts at retelling the film's story, and is instead content to act purely as a companion piece, letting you play as all the key characters from the film in a game that feels like a combo of Kelly Slater and Wave Race for kids. It's not a remarkable game, but at times it can be a decent bit of fun. It's just a shame that it offers so little in terms of content.  
  Atelier Iris 3: Grand Phantasm Review
,  The previous Atelier Iris games hark back to role-playing games of old and succeeded largely on their good-natured sweetness. Grand Phantasm certainly maintains much of the cute appeal but suffers from tedious quest design and a dud of a narrative. It doesn't feel like an old-fashioned RPG; it just feels old. The result is an inoffensive and forgettable adventure with a lot of character but little substance.  
  Shadowrun Review
,  You wouldn't automatically expect a multiplayer first-person shooter like Counter-Strike to serve as the main inspiration for a game based on a 1989 pen-and-paper RPG, but that's exactly what you get in Microsoft's Shadowrun, which takes all of the cyberpunk-plus-magic stuff from the RPG and boils it down to magic spells and technological character upgrades. The action is kind of neat, but a lack of variety and its multiplayer-only offering make for a pretty shallow experience that feels about $30 too expensive.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Thank god for the occasional bucked trend. Surf's Up could very easily have been yet another lamely produced platformer or action adventure game based on an animated film. Instead, it's an oddly competent surfing game. The game eschews any attempts at retelling the film's story, and is instead content to act purely as a companion piece, letting you play as all the key characters from the film in a game that feels like a combo of Kelly Slater and Wave Race for kids. It's not a remarkable game, but at times it can be a decent bit of fun. It's just a shame that it offers so little in terms of content.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Thank god for the occasional bucked trend. Surf's Up could very easily have been yet another lamely produced platformer or action adventure game based on an animated film. Instead, it's an oddly competent surfing game. The game eschews any attempts at retelling the film's story, and is instead content to act purely as a companion piece, letting you play as all the key characters from the film in a game that feels like a combo of Kelly Slater and Wave Race for kids. It's not a remarkable game, but at times it can be a decent bit of fun. It's just a shame that it offers so little in terms of content.  
  Surf's Up Review
,  Thank god for the occasional bucked trend. Surf's Up could very easily have been yet another lamely produced platformer or action adventure game based on an animated film. Instead, it's an oddly competent surfing game. The game eschews any attempts at retelling the film's story, and is instead content to act purely as a companion piece, letting you play as all the key characters from the film in a game that feels like a combo of Kelly Slater and Wave Race for kids. It's not a remarkable game, but at times it can be a decent bit of fun. It's just a shame that it offers so little in terms of content.  
  Legend of the Dragon Review
,  Legend of the Dragon is a fighting game from Game Factory that's based on a cartoon that currently airs on Toon Disney as part of its Jetix programming block. It's about a pair of 15-year-old twins, Ang and Ling, who are on opposite sides of a martial-arts-themed conflict involving humans that can transform into beastlike creatures. The fighting in this game is uniformly terrible, giving you the feeling that the product was constructed as a licensing tie-in first and a game second, but the ugly graphics and lack of character speech mean that this probably won't do much for fans of the show either, making it a failure from every angle.   
  Taito Legends Power-Up Review
,  Taito Legends Power-Up for the PSP is a different compilation from the two volumes that have appeared on the PlayStation 2. This collection culls games from both volumes and puts them into one all-new-but-still-old package. The emulation feels good, and the options are about what you'd expect from a retro compilation, so if you're into these games, it's worth checking out Taito Legends Power-Up.  
  Tamagotchi Party On! Review
,  Back in 1996, digital pets called Tamagotchi were all the rage. Children couldn't get enough of playing with and cleaning up after their little LCD pets. As with all fads, interest in Tamagotchi quickly waned, but that hasn't stopped the brand from continuing its existence. The latest product to sport the Tamagotchi name is Tamagotchi Party On!, a virtual board game for the Nintendo Wii. It's got plenty of cute Tamagotchis, but it's short on depth and is seriously lacking in the fun department.   
  Mad Tracks Review
,  Words like forgettable, disposable, uninspired, and superfluous--these all sum up Mad Tracks pretty well. A sort of Micro Machines and Mario Party mash-up for the Xbox Live Arcade, Mad Tracks will hold your attention for exactly as long as it takes to play each minigame and race once or twice, play a few online matches, and then exit out to the system's dashboard, never to load up this trite, lifeless game again. In this case, that ought to take you about a half hour, at most.  
  Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End Review
,  Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End for the Nintendo DS is an action adventure game patterned after the film of the same name. The game lets you control three of the main protagonists as you jump and stab your way through 30-some levels that loosely follow the progression of the movie. Fans of the movie franchise will appreciate how the 3D graphics bring places like The Black Pearl and Davy Jones' Locker to life, and also how the game's designers have taken care to concoct a balanced mix of sword fighting, swashbuckling acrobatics, and stylus-based minigames. Furthermore, anyone that was disappointed by the DS version of Dead Man's Chest should be pleased to learn that At World's End looks nicer and is more involved than that earlier game was.  
  Marvel Trading Card Game Review
,  Upper Deck Entertainment, one of the more prominent purveyors of collectible trading card games today, has teamed up with Konami to bring Upper Deck's Marvel-licensed TCG to the Nintendo DS with the succinctly, if dryly, named Marvel Trading Card Game. It seems like a solid representation of Upper Deck's robust, flexible, and rather popular Vs. System Trading Card Game, and it packs a feature-rich online element that's already teeming with activity. As is the case with most digitized TCGs, it's not a particularly exciting game to watch. If you're not already knee-deep in the real-world Vs. System Trading Card Game, or other similarly advanced TCGs, it can be a confusing experience, as well.  
  Taito Legends 2 Review
,  Taito Legends 2 compiles more than 35 of the classic arcade manufacturer's games onto one PlayStation 2 disc. All in all, it's a well-emulated compilation of games--but are they actually legendary? No, not really. With the possible exception of Qix, and, if you're a fan of shooters, Darius Gaiden, most of the games found in this package are little-known, easily forgettable arcade games of varying degrees of quality. If the list excites you and makes you feel nostalgic, chances are you'll enjoy the disc. But we're willing to bet that the chances of you being a gigantic fan of Don Doko Don or Crazy Balloon are slim at best.  
  Loco Mania Review
,  Don't let the name fool you. While Loco Mania sure seems like a run-of-the-mill train simulator at first glance, the first North American retail release from Czech developer 7FX is geared more for puzzle fans than the choo-choo set. Yet even though this might not be what you're expecting from the box cover, the gimmicky gameplay about dispatching trains has an arcade hook that ought to reel you in. If not for a few issues with the cumbersome interface and camera system, as well as one noteworthy technical quirk, this would be a perfect time killer about riding the rails.  
  Planet Puzzle League Review
,  Planet Puzzle League is the latest block to drop in an old series of simple puzzle games known as Puzzle League (or Panel de Pon). The idea in these games has always been to shift like-colored blocks into rows or columns of three, prompting them to politely vanish. It should sound familiar, and not just because the series has been around for 15 years. Everyone, at some point in their gaming career, has matched colored blocks and made them disappear. So what separates Planet Puzzle League's colorful cubes from the other blocks, jewels, and pills you've sorted in your life? Two things in particular: The DS stylus, which makes sorting blocks easier than ever before, and global Internet play, so you can challenge the square-pushers of the world. These two new features make Planet Puzzle League a nice place to revisit, though its staying power is questionable.  
  Rampage World Tour Review
,  Rampage was originally released in 1986 and put you in control of one of three monsters as they "rampaged" about the country smashing buildings or eating people. Rampage World Tour was released in 1997 and let you do the same thing, as did 2006's Rampage: Total Destruction. If you somehow haven't gotten your fill of smashing buildings, Midway has brought Rampage World Tour to the PlayStation Store for $4.99. It's still an enjoyable game when played with friends, but the fun will be short-lived because the game's formula has gotten old, and Midway has done little with this version to keep it fresh.  
  WarTech: Senko no Ronde Review
,  WarTech: Senko no Ronde attempts to straddle the line between a shooter and a fighting game. You have a top-down view of the action and fire off a lot of big shots, as if it was some sort of scrolling shooter, but you're actually shooting at another similarly armed opponent. You're also given life meters and super attacks, as if it was a fighting game. The idea is an interesting one, but it doesn't come together in a very appealing way. To add insult to injury, Ubisoft is trying to charge full price for what is, essentially, a shallow arcade port that would be more at home as a downloadable Xbox Live Arcade release.  
  ToeJam & Earl in Panic on Funkotron Review
,  Panic on Funkotron is the second game in the ToeJam & Earl series. It takes the lovely top-down exploration of the original game and attempts to turn it on its side, making a puzzling platformer out of the proceedings. It was a disappointing sequel when it was originally released, and here on the Wii, it's even more forgettable.  
  Shrek the Third Review
,  Released just in time to cash in on the theatrical release of 
  Tomb Raider: Anniversary Review
,  When Tomb Raider first hit in 1996, it was nothing short of groundbreaking. When the game industry was experiencing a sea change from predominately sprite-based 2D graphics to polygonal 3D graphics, Tomb Raider was a shining example of the sort of immersive atmosphere and exploration-based gameplay that was possible. There simply weren't strong, serious, and highly competent female protagonists like Lara Croft, though in a way, Lara Croft's role as a protagonist was almost outstripped by her roles of cover girl, female role model, and spokesperson for the maturation of video games. While years of sequels that ranged from unremarkable to borderline offensive did a lot to tarnish the Tomb Raider name, developer Crystal Dynamics undid a lot of damage with last year's Tomb Raider: Legend, which focused on the strengths of the series--exotic locales, thoughtful puzzles, and incredible acrobatics--while modernizing the gameplay and streamlining the whole experience. Crystal D continues its good work with Tomb Raider: Anniversary, which effectively goes back to the original Tomb Raider and rebuilds it from scratch. Tomb Raider: Anniversary isn't as groundbreaking as the original Tomb Raider, but it's undeniably more playable.   
  Tomb Raider: Anniversary Review
,  When Tomb Raider first hit in 1996, it was nothing short of groundbreaking. When the game industry was experiencing a sea change from predominately sprite-based 2D graphics to polygonal 3D graphics, Tomb Raider was a shining example of the sort of immersive atmosphere and exploration-based gameplay that was possible. There simply weren't strong, serious, and highly competent female protagonists like Lara Croft, though in a way, Lara Croft's role as a protagonist was almost outstripped by her roles of cover girl, female role model, and spokesperson for the maturation of video games. While years of sequels that ranged from unremarkable to borderline offensive did a lot to tarnish the Tomb Raider name, developer Crystal Dynamics undid a lot of damage with last year's Tomb Raider: Legend, which focused on the strengths of the series--exotic locales, thoughtful puzzles, and incredible acrobatics--while modernizing the gameplay and streamlining the whole experience. Crystal D continues its good work with Tomb Raider: Anniversary, which effectively goes back to the original Tomb Raider and rebuilds it from scratch. Tomb Raider: Anniversary isn't as groundbreaking as the original Tomb Raider, but it's undeniably more playable.   
  J.J. and Jeff Review
,  Nobody liked J.J. and Jeff when it was originally published for the TurboGrafx-16 roughly 17 years ago, so it's a bit of a surprise to see that Hudson has gone through the effort of making it available for the Wii's Virtual Console. The game's bathroom-inspired humor is occasionally amusing, but the slippery characters and sketchy collision detection render this Super Mario Bros. wannabe practically unplayable.  
  Major League Baseball 2K7 Review
,  Game Boy Advance owners who have been waiting a few years to play a new MLB licensed baseball game on the handheld won't find their hunger satiated by Major League Baseball 2K7. Not only is the game missing features that other baseball games produced five years ago for the GBA had, it's also broken in ways that suck all of the fun and fairness out of the sport.  
  Marine Sharpshooter III Review
,  If nothing else, Marine Sharpshooter 3 lives up to its billing. You play a Marine. You do a lot of sharpshooting. And that's about it. The box-cover blurb claims that this franchise has sold over a million copies, but it's hard to see how a game this dumb and derivative could ever develop a fan base. While the game isn't horrific looking, and there is a lot of shooting going on, all you do is stalk through linear levels sniping everything that moves. Retro shooter fans might enjoy this monotonous killing for an hour or so, then look for the uninstall icon.  
  LA Street Racing Review
,  Despite it's setting, there's an oddly foreign feel to L.A. Street Racing. It's partially because of the laughably shoddy English used by your street-racing rivals in the game, but more than that, it's because you get the feeling when playing LASR that the developers have never really been to Los Angeles before. The result is a game that isn't bereft of high points--the feel of the cars being one of them--but also isn't able to transcend its numerous inadequacies.  
  Joust Review
,  Midway is a company with a rich back catalog, rife with classic arcade games. Considering how hot the downloadable classics market seems to be these days, it's no surprise that Midway, a company that has already mined that big catalog numerous times, is attempting to capitalize on every platform possible. Joust, the 1982 arcade classic, is one of a first batch of Midway games that is being published by Sony Online Entertainment. Like the other SOE releases, Joust is mostly accurate, but it also offers the same ugly interface and poor online gameplay that's plagued most of the other classic rereleases on the PlayStation 3.  
  Spaceforce: Rogue Universe Review
,  Space, like hope, springs eternal, which is probably why fans of space sims have suffered for so long. Once a dominant genre, space sims come few and far between now, and the glory days of games such as Wing Commander and TIE Fighter are ancient history. So enter Spaceforce: Rogue Universe from Dreamcatcher and Provox Games, a space sim that blends role-playing with the open-ended type of exploration reminiscent of Elite. It makes for a compelling package, but it suffers from some inexplicable problems.  
  Crush Review
,  Genuine originality in video games is rare, and when it comes to puzzle games, doubly so. Even some of the best, most recent examples of the genre, such as D3's inventive Puzzle Quest, have merely been really good amalgams of well-established game concepts. Crush for the PlayStation Portable is an action puzzle game that owes very little of its novel concept to games that preceded it, and it capitalizes on its M.C. Escher-inspired gameplay with a healthy number of increasingly involved puzzles. It's challenging without being too frustrating, and it's easily one of the more unique puzzle games to come around in years.  
  Zelda II: The Adventure of Link Review
,  Link has had a lot of adventures over the years, though none have inspired such wildly varied reactions as Zelda II: The Adventure of Link. The Nintendo Entertainment System sequel to the original Legend of Zelda, Zelda II eschewed the top-down dungeon crawling nature of the first game and went sideways, essentially turning the game into an action role-playing game/platformer hybrid. Some people loved the new direction of the series, and some reviled it. The truth was probably somewhere in the middle. Now the debate over Zelda II's place within the series can be fought all over again because the game has come to the Wii Virtual Console. Its unusual design and sometimes clunky mechanics don't hold up nearly as well as any of the other Zelda games re-released for the Virtual Console. But Zelda II still makes for an interesting history lesson, and the game itself is decent enough to make it worth its $5 price.  
  Championship Sprint Review
,  Championship Sprint was one of those classic arcade driving games that was really only a classic because of the arcade cabinet itself. The game was a super simple top-down driving game (which actually paved the way for better top-down drivers, such as Ironman Ivan Stewart's Super Off Road), but the cabinet included a steering wheel for each player that had to be spun like crazy to get the squirrelly cars around the game's tight turns. Without that wheel, this game wouldn't have been terribly appealing, which is a fact evidenced in crystal-clear fashion by the recent release of the game on the PlayStation Network. Instead of the crazy wheel, you get analog stick support that's too touchy and imprecise to be playable in any way. If you add in an online mode that lags and single-player action that gets old in about 15 minutes flat, you get an all-around awful deal.  
  Dead Moon Review
,  Dead Moon for the TurboGrafx-16 is a horizontally scrolling space shoot-'em-up not unlike Gradius or R-Type. Throughout each of the game's six levels, you make use of a variety of lasers, bombs, or shields to guide your ship through multiple waves of alien ships and eventually destroy the boss waiting at the end of the level. The graphics and audio are some of the best you'll see out of the TurboGrafx-16. If you're a shooter fan, you'll appreciate how easy it is to outfit your ship with weapons and upgrades. These make it possible to survive the swarms of ships every level throws at you. Unfortunately, the bland level layouts and uninspired boss encounters ultimately outweigh the game's better aspects. This makes it tough to recommend Dead Moon over the majority of other shooters that are available for the TurboGrafx-16 and for the Virtual Console service as a whole.  
  Mortal Kombat: Armageddon Review
,  Mortal Kombat: Armageddon is Midway's attempt to take most of the stuff that has appeared in a Mortal Kombat game since Deadly Alliance was released back in 2002 and mash it all into one big game. It is a send-off of sorts of the current fighting style and game engine for the series. It was also a fitting send-off of the previous generation of consoles when it was originally released on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox last year. Now, that game has come to the Wii, where it automatically becomes one of the best fighting games currently available on the platform simply because the options are limited. Armageddon reuses a little too much content from previous games, and as a result, it feels like it is coasting. But it's also the first substantial modern fighting game to be released on the Wii, and that alone, makes it notable.  
  Naruto: Ninja Council 3 Review
,  Naruto: Ninja Council 3 for the Nintendo DS is a fighting game where as many as four people can duke it out as Naruto, Sakura, Sasuke, or any of 25 other characters from the Naruto universe. The game offers plenty of visual and vocal fan service for followers of the Naruto comic books and animated series. Thanks to its easygoing controls and multitiered arenas, it also bears a striking resemblance to the Super Smash Bros. games that Nintendo has produced for the Nintendo 64 and GameCube. However, Ninja Council 3 doesn't yield the same depth as a typical Super Smash Bros. game, which means that the game is ultimately best suited for diehard Naruto nuts and people who don't take fighting games too seriously.  
  Tank Beat Review
,  Tank Beat isn't much fun. There's very little to it, and what is there is bland, and simplistic. If there's one feat developer MileStone managed to pull off, it's how dull it managed to make the act of blowing up tanks. That might be a fascinating accomplishment, but it makes for an utter bore of a game.   
  Death Jr. and the Science Fair of Doom Review
,  Somebody up there must really like Death Jr., though it's anyone's guess as to why that might be. As Konami and developer Backbone's attempt to create a platformer franchise for the PlayStation Portable with a morbid mascot hero (he's the son of the Grim Reaper, you see), Death Jr. has been anything but a success up to this point, with only two thoroughly unremarkable adventures to its name. Now the Death Jr. series has made its way to the DS, and most DS owners are likely to wish it had stayed on Sony's handheld system after playing though the mess that is the Science Fair of Doom. This new Death Jr. adventure includes the bulk of the flaws found in its predecessors, and adds a few critical new ones to the mix. The result is a platformer that veers wildly between dull and angering, but never toward fun.  
  Art of Fighting Anthology Review
,  It's well known that Capcom's 1991 arcade classic Street Fighter II made one-on-one fighting games the phenomenon they were back in the '90s. But developer and NeoGeo hardware creator SNK also released several sprite-based 2D fighting games of its own, eventually garnering a loyal following by creating fighting games with a unique sense of style. The Art of Fighting series, which arguably stressed innovation over solid gameplay, was among that portfolio of great fighting games--but the games in this series never enjoyed the success and notoriety of SNK's King of Fighters and Samurai Shodown. Unfortunately, time has passed, and many more-evolved, better-balanced fighting games have since been released, so the series doesn't hold up very well in 2007--especially not in the bare-bones Art of Fighting Anthology for the PS2.  
  Blazing Lazers Review
,  One of the first games published for the fledgling TurboGrafx-16 console in 1989 was Blazing Lazers, a space shoot-'em-up developed by Compile--the group that would later go on to make such legendary games as M.U.S.H.A., Robo Aleste, and Space Megaforce. Blazing Lazers was immensely popular back in the day, and now that it's available for the Wii's Virtual Console, it's easy to see why. Even though the game isn't as nuanced or as aesthetically pleasing as some of the TG-16's other shoot-'em-ups, it manages to keep the screen jammed with enemies and puts you in control of a ship that can lay waste to those unfortunate invaders with a ridiculous orgy of firepower.  
  Touch the Dead Review
,  In an apparent attempt to create a little brand confusion, Eidos has released Touch the Dead for the Nintendo DS, an on-rails shooter that evokes Sega's campy light gun series The House of the Dead. The key differences between the two are that Touch the Dead replaces the light gun with touch-screen controls and that Touch the Dead isn't very fun. While the generally responsive touch-screen controls do suffer from an awkward reloading mechanic, Touch the Dead's big failing is its flat atmosphere and the inherently repetitive nature of the action.    
  Innocent Life: A Futuristic Harvest Moon Review
,  The Harvest Moon series of farming games has gradually grown a loyal following over the past decade, beginning with the series' inception on the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. Ten years and about 20 games later, publisher Natsume has brought its unique brand of life simulation to the PlayStation Portable, albeit with a slight twist. Instead of taking place on a rural farm that demands a lot of blood, sweat, and tears to grow and maintain, Innocent Life: A Futuristic Harvest Moon takes place on an isolated island in the near future. The basic Harvest Moon formula remains intact, but it has been overly simplified, and as a result Innocent Life lacks much of the depth and character of previous games in the series.  
  Shrek the Third Review
,  Released just prior to the theatrical debut of 
  Heatseeker Review
,  Heatseeker is an arcade-style flying game from IR Gurus, the same developer behind 2005's Heroes of the Pacific. Unlike Heroes, Heatseeker takes place in modern times and places you in the cockpit of some of today's most well-known fighter jets. It's not a very deep game; it's kind of ugly, and the story is flat out stupid. But Heatseeker can be fun in small doses--especially if you don't mind taking down wave after wave of enemies, level after level.   
  Shrek the Third Review
,  Released just prior to the theatrical debut of 
  Shrek the Third Review
,  Released just prior to the theatrical debut of 
  Infernal Review
,  In traditional Christian theology, souls stuck between heaven and hell are caught in purgatory, which is an apt description of where Infernal belongs. This third-person shooter portrays the conflict between heaven and hell as being waged on Earth via corporate proxies. You'll play as a former heavenly agent who's kicked out of heaven and caught between both sides. However, the gameplay in Infernal hardly aspires to greatness, nor is it a complete disaster. Instead, this supernatural action game just muddles along.  
  SBK'07 - Superbike World Championship Review
,  The world of two-wheeled motor sports is dominated by two disciplines--the glamorous Moto GP category on one side, and the more down-to-earth Superbike World Championship on the other. Compared to the custom-built vehicles of the former, superbikes are modified versions of those that are sold all over the world. As a result, Superbikes attracts plenty of interest from bike modders and manufacturers alike, with the famous phrase "Win on Sunday, sell on Monday" referring to just how important race outcomes can be. However, this interest hasn't led to any SBK video games since EA published an official tie-in back in 2001. It's fitting, then, that the same developer is responsible for bringing the license back to the gaming world for the 2007 season--and the game not only does the sport justice, but it's also a refreshing alternative to the numerous Moto GP games on the market.  
  Soltrio Solitaire Review
,  Soltrio Solitaire is a solitaire game that costs $10. Yes, solitaire. You know, that game that comes free with every Windows PC ever made? The single-player card game that is so easy to obtain for free on the Internet that it might as well be falling out of the sky? Right. This is that, except it's on Xbox Live Arcade, and it's 10 bucks. Does anyone see anything wrong with this picture?  
  Mighty Bomb Jack Review
,  Mighty Bomb Jack is the video game equivalent of Vanilla Ice or pump sneakers. When the game was first released for the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1987, people took note of its jump-heavy design and charming graphics and snapped it up, assuming it would satisfy their craving for a Mario fix. Mighty Bomb Jack was the hottest thing going for a few months, until word got out that it was nothing like Super Mario Bros., and was, in fact, just a crummy side-scroller steeped in goofy charm. Bear in mind, this was in the days before rentals, video game magazines, message boards, and the Internet, so word of mouth was slower to propagate back then.   
  Ninja Spirit Review
,  Originally published for the TurboGrafx-16 in 1990, Ninja Spirit was Irem's entry into the ninja-themed action genre that was immensely popular at that time. In Ninja Spirit, you play the role of a young man seeking revenge for your father's murder, which amounts to running and jumping your way through seven side-scrolling levels while constantly fending off evil ninjas with your own ninja weapons. Irem obviously didn't strive to innovate because the story and action borrow heavily from Ninja Gaiden, Shinobi, and the other ninja games of the day. Nonetheless, Irem's copycatting resulted in a solid ninja romp and one of the TurboGrafx-16's most visually intense games. Those reasons should be sufficient to send any fan of the 2D action genre into the Wii's Virtual Console shop to spend 600 points ($6) on Ninja Spirit. The other reason is ninjas, ninjas...everywhere.  
  Ninja Gaiden Review
,  If, up to this point in time, your only knowledge of the Ninja Gaiden franchise comes from the recent entries on the Xbox, now's your chance to explore the series' roots. For 500 Wii points ($5), you can now download the NES version of Ninja Gaiden, arguably one of the best side-scrollers released during its time. Granted, with that statement comes one notable qualifier: This game will beat you to a pulp. Ninja Gaiden is like the abusive spouse of the NES era. It assaults you time and time again with its punishing difficulty, insidiously placed enemies, and rage-inducing boss fights, and yet you'll keep running back for more. You'll look at its awesome cutscenes and experience its excellent jumping controls and fighting mechanics, and all the pain and suffering you've endured will just start to wash away.   
  MLB 07: The Show Review
,  Thanks to Sony's dubious track record when it comes to first-party sports games, its excellent MLB series hasn't always received the recognition it deserves. But after the outstanding MLB 06: The Show, people are taking notice of SCEA's yearly baseball efforts. MLB 07: The Show for the PlayStation 2 didn't mess with success, and nor does the PlayStation 3 version. It's a prettier, smoother iteration of what came out for the PS2 a couple of months ago. Though it's missing a few minigames, it has the excellent road to the show mode, which offers a whole new way to progress through a professional baseball career. MLB 07: The Show is a great value if you're looking for a hardcore simulation or just want to play a few quick games here and there.  
  Theatre of War Review
,  Word War II real-time strategy game exhaustion is so well established in gaming these days that the genre seems incapable of surprising anybody. Even the standouts, such as Company of Heroes, follow a template so well worn that it has grooves; thus, Theatre of War comes as a shock. 1C Company's take on the old Axis-versus-Allies thing replaces RTS conventions with realistic battlefields, line of sight, and weapon range. Its tactical focus and total absence of resource gathering or base building make the learning curve a little twisty for tank-rush types. However, the authenticity and atmosphere bring the Second World War to life in impressive fashion.  
  .hack//G.U. vol. 2//Reminisce Review
,  If you aren't familiar with the .hack series by now, you have a lot of catching up to do before jumping into the anime-heavy world of this fake massively multiplayer online game. Publisher Namco Bandai has released five .hack games over the past four years, with the first four composing one series, and the most recent kicking off the G.U. series, which is set in a revised version of the original world. The latest episode is the second in the G.U. trilogy, titled .hack//G.U. vol. 2//Reminisce. There are a few new characters and convoluted plot twists in vol. 2, but the bulk of the game is recycled from vol. 1. Therein lies the paradox with the episodic approach taken by the .hack series. If you haven't played the previous games, you won't know or care what's going on in the latest one, but if you have played the previous games, you'll feel like you're paying almost full price to play the same game over again.   
  Driver '76 Review
,  Ever since the 2004 release of Driver 3, the Driver series has made a habit of trying to mimic the unique success of Rockstar's Grand Theft Auto series, achieving marginal success. Last year's Driver: Parallel Lines wasn't terrible and was a big step up from the much-maligned 2004 release of Driver 3. However, it still failed to do anything as well as the series it was aping and came off as the also-ran that it was. Development duties have been passed off to Sumo Digital for Driver '76 on the PlayStation Portable, but once again the series comes up short.  
  Pac-Man Review
,  Ever since Pac-Man first appeared in arcades back in 1980, countless renditions of the game have been produced for different video game consoles, computers, cell phones, watches, and other electronic gadgets. Some versions duplicate the look and feel of the original arcade cabinet better than others. Namco's Nintendo Entertainment System version, which was released in 1993 (it originally appeared on the Famicom in 1984) and is now available from the Wii's Virtual Console, is one of the better ones. Pac-Man and his ghostly enemies behave just like they do in the arcade game, and the graphics and audio are mostly spot on. The $5 price for Pac-Man and Pac-Man alone seems a little steep compared to the recent Namco Museum and Xbox Live Arcade releases, but this is a decent way to play Pac-Man at home if you don't have access to those other options.  
  Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam Review
,  Activision's Tony Hawk skateboarding games have undergone some serious changes over the years, but this latest offshoot of the main series is taking things in a new direction: down. Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam takes the trick-oriented gameplay of the Tony Hawk series, streamlines and strips it a great deal, and attempts to cram it all into a racing game. The result is a spasmodic game that's OK at making you feel like you're moving fast, but not much else.   
  Made Man Review
,  Rarely has an action game squandered such a solid concept as Aspyr and Silverback Studios' Made Man has. Gangland shooters should be a pretty easy thing to put together at this point, yet Made Man is proof positive that with the right amount of indifference and general disdain for the game-buying public, you can still make complete dreck out of a seemingly foolproof concept. The weirdest thing is that by all accounts, Made Man shouldn't have ever come out. This is one of the last few games now-defunct publisher Acclaim had in the pipes when it went under a few years back. Now Aspyr has resurrected its unfinished corpse, yet apparently it didn't bother to have anyone fix it up beyond what was necessary to make the game install and load up. From its buggy, intensely frustrating gameplay to its near-absent production values, Made Man is a flat-out mess across every category.  
  Dawn of Mana Review
,  If you're a Mana fan, you should know right off the bat that Dawn of Mana is not a role-playing game. Instead, it's an action adventure with the scantest of RPG ingredients. But frankly, it doesn't matter much whether you're a series veteran or a newcomer. Either way, it's not a good game, barely able to deliver on a number of good ideas and crippled by poorly implemented gameplay mechanics. Just when you think you might be having fun, Dawn of Mana does everything it can to squash it--or in this case, grab it and fling it against crates and boulders.   
  Etrian Odyssey Review
,  Remember back in the early '80s when you were scribbling out a map in your notepad as you crawled your way through Wizardry? No? Well, not to worry, because Atlus' newest turn-based role-playing game captures that experience pretty well. Etrian Odyssey gives many nods to its text-based adventure roots, not the least of which is its prodding, omniscient narrator and the necessity to (gasp) create your own map. Like its predecessors, Etrian Odyssey is beguilingly immersive and excessively addictive, but even if it doesn't take the turn-based RPG formula anywhere new, you'll still probably fall prey to its charm.  
  Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest Review
,  A contemporary American poet once said, "two is not a winner and three nobody remembers." Clearly, he wasn't talking about Donkey Kong Country 2, a platformer for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System that simultaneously fills the mighty shoes of its predecessor while also exceeding it in every way. The sequel has more levels, the computer-modeled graphics are more detailed, and there's plenty more for you to see and do. Now, Nintendo is giving Wii owners another chance to enjoy this winner of a platformer by making it available for the Wii's Virtual Console.  
  Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End Review
,  It's almost hard to believe in this day and age of movie and game tie-ins, but other than a couple of handheld games, the last 
  Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End Review
,  It's almost hard to believe in this day and age of movie and game tie-ins, but other than a couple of handheld games, the last 
  Shrek the Third Review
,  Shrek the Third for the Nintendo DS isn't an action adventure game in the traditional sense. Instead of jumping between platforms and hacking away at enemies with one character, you have to jockey control between three different characters and put their individual skills to use to help all three characters reach the exit at the end of each level. Alternatively, you can convince two of your friends to buy the game and play through it with each of you controlling one character. The levels tend to recycle the same enemies and obstacles, but managing the characters as if they were pieces in a puzzle game is strangely pleasant. The game also displays some attractive 3D graphics and makes good use of the system's touch screen and microphone features.  
  Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End Review
,  It's almost hard to believe in this day and age of movie and game tie-ins, but other than a couple of handheld games, the last 
  Shrek the Third Review
,  When Activision and Vicarious Visions published Shrek 2 for the Game Boy Advance a few years ago, it was easy to overlook the game's weak presentation because the team-oriented gameplay provided a clever twist on the otherwise stale platform-jumper design. Now that they've released Shrek the Third, which is virtually the same as the last game, the flaws are tougher to swallow. The graphics and audio both feel antiquated, and the game is just a bit too kid-friendly for its own good.  
  Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End Review
,  It's almost hard to believe in this day and age of movie and game tie-ins, but other than a couple of handheld games, the last 
  Brooktown High: Senior Year Review
,  While a multitude of dating simulations have allowed the socially awkward to live out their romantic fantasies in Japan, the genre never really caught on here in the US, which is a big part of what gives Konami's Brooktown High for the PlayStation Portable any of its appeal. Similar to the voyeuristic thrill of watching little suburbanites toil away in The Sims, the idea of playing the part of a high school senior juggling his or her social and scholastic obligations is intriguing. This promise is squandered in Brooktown High, which suffers from really awkward pacing, is sorely lacking in content, and leans on the most unimaginative high school stereotypes this side of an early '80s teen comedy.  
  Rush 'n Attack Review
,  In the 1980s the Cold War was heating up as global conflicts and burgeoning military forces continued to aggravate the fragile relationship between the two primary superpowers in the world. Of course, this freaked a lot of people out, and for a while many people believed that it was just a matter of time before the Russians would invade the United States or vice versa. It was exactly that sense of panic that brought the release of films such as 
  Xevious Review
,  Xevious is the original vertically scrolling shooter, and it was first released to arcades back in 1982. Since then, the genre has waxed and waned more times than we can count. Through thick and thin, Xevious has always stood out when compared to other arcade games from its era, and it's nice to have another accurate emulation of this classic out there.  
  Legend of the Dragon Review
,  Legend of the Dragon is a fighting game from Game Factory that's based on a cartoon that currently airs on Toon Disney as part of its Jetix programming block. It's about a pair of 15-year-old twins, Ang and Ling, who are on opposite sides of a martial-arts-themed conflict involving humans that can transform into beastlike creatures. The fighting in this game is uniformly terrible, giving you the feeling that the product was constructed as a licensing tie-in first and a game second, but the ugly graphics and lack of character speech mean that this probably won't do much for fans of the show either, making it a failure from every angle.  
  Resident Evil 4 Review
,  In 2005, Resident Evil 4 on the Nintendo GameCube was rightfully lauded as one of the best action adventure games ever released, thanks to stunning visuals and white-knuckle action sequences that ranked amongst the best in gaming. Later that year, PlayStation 2 owners were blessed with their own version of the game, featuring more missions and some other unlockable goodies. And now you can play Resident Evil 4 on your PC for a mere $20. It's too bad that PC gamers have been inflicted with a lazy port that does as little as possible to cater to the platform. Forget mouse support, forget tailoring the visuals to your own preferences, and don't even think about any PC-only goodies: this is a direct transfer of the PlayStation 2 version. If you can get past all these problems, RE4 is still an intense, thrilling ride that will keep your heart pounding. But if you still haven't played Resident Evil 4, this version should be your last resort.  
  Legend of the Dragon Review
,  Legend of the Dragon is a fighting game from Game Factory that's based on a cartoon that currently airs on Toon Disney as part of its Jetix programming block. It's about a pair of 15-year-old twins, Ang and Ling, who are on opposite sides of a martial-arts-themed conflict involving humans that can transform into beastlike creatures. The fighting in this game is uniformly terrible, giving you the feeling that the product was constructed as a licensing tie-in first and a game second, but the ugly graphics and lack of character speech mean that this probably won't do much for fans of the show either, making it a failure from every angle.  
  Streets of Rage 2 Review
,  While the original Streets of Rage always stood in the shadow of Final Fight, Sega's homegrown beat-'em-up series really came into its own with Streets of Rage 2. Released two years after the original, Streets of Rage 2 offered markedly refined gameplay and improved presentation, both technically and stylistically. This is the game that set the series apart from the numerous other Final Fight imitators.   
  Spider-Man 3 Review
,  Spider-Man 3 for the Game Boy Advance is a 2D action game loosely based on the movie of the same name. The game doesn't set new standards regarding design or presentation, but that probably won't matter much to fans who mainly want to cut loose with Spidey's abilities. To that end, there are plenty of comic book fisticuffs and webslinging to be found in the GBA version of Spider-Man 3, some of which involve the mysterious black costume that featured so prominently in the movie.  
  Rampart Review
,  Rampart is a pretty cool arcade game that mixes shooting action with block-style puzzle gameplay. You control castles on the land, and you place cannons around those castles to fend off hordes of incoming ships. At the same time, the ships are shooting holes in the walls around your castle. But battle only lasts for a few seconds, and then a rebuilding round starts, where you have a limited amount of time to quickly patch the holes in your walls before battle begins all over again. If you can't surround at least one castle with walls, the game ends. It was an interesting mix of action back in its day, and it's still interesting today. Unfortunately, even the three-player online play can't make up for the PlayStation 3 version's terrible, touchy control.  
  Classic Action: Devilish Review
,  Originally released for the Sega Game Gear and eventually ported to the Sega Genesis, Devilish was essentially Breakout with an evil twist. Instead of simply being tasked with using your ball and paddle to clear a static field of blocks, your challenge was to break blocks to progress through a series of levels filled with satanic enemies, power-ups, and screen-filling boss fights. Furthermore, you were given control of multiple paddles, which could be moved vertically or horizontally, and these paddles could be switched into different configurations on the fly. This would not have been a bad concept in the right hands, but clumsy execution prevented Devilish from being particularly noteworthy. Inexplicably, there is now a remake of Devilish on the Nintendo DS, which is even more awkward and pointless than its predecessor.  
  Spider-Man 3 Review
,  Many Nintendo DS games employ the system's touch screen control features in some fashion, but Spider-Man 3 is one of the few that does so comfortably and in ways that actually enhance the experience of playing the game. While you have to use the directional pad to move Spidey around and to swing through the air, all of his various attacks and web abilities are handled by tapping the touch screen or swiping the stylus across it in different directions. You'll really feel like you're controlling Spider-Man as you unleash a couple of jabs to a thug's face, uppercut the punk into the air, and then reel him back toward you with a web line simply by making a few quick swipes across the touch screen. Of course, it also doesn't hurt that the game itself is a slick beat-'em-up that does a good job of telling the story of the movie it's based on while enriching that story with subplots and villains taken from the pages of Spider-Man comic books.  
  UFO: Extraterrestrials Review
,  Nobody has yet recreated the magic of MicroProse's X-COM, but it hasn't been for want of trying. It seems like every six months or so, someone has been releasing a fresh take on this early 90s strategy masterwork about shooting down flying saucers and sending soldiers to hunt down the survivors, and each attempt has only sent disappointed diehards back to the original. UFO: Extraterrestrials adds another chapter to that unhappy saga. This effort by development studio Chaos Concept is dissatisfying both as a rip-off of a legend and as a game in its own right because of odd design decisions, bugs, and bottom-drawer graphics and sound. The best that can be said about the game is that its sci-fi atmosphere and smart artificial intelligence make it a somewhat acceptable way for the desperate to whittle away a couple of dozen hours waiting for someone to finally do a proper remake of X-COM.  
  Double Dragon Review
,  Double Dragon is inarguably one of the greatest games of all time. It's the game that launched a thousand beat-'em-ups, the reason that walking to the right and punching mindless thugs became a genre unto itself. It wasn't the first game of its kind, but it's the one that made them famous. Without Double Dragon, there would be no Streets of Rage, no Final Fight, no Bad Dudes, none of it. But as is sometimes the case with seminal games, the nostalgia for such titles belies the flaws inherent to them. Double Dragon is a 20-minute-long game with slightly awkward fighting mechanics, a lot of cheap enemies and pitfalls, and very little replay value once you've beaten it a few times. The newly released Xbox Live Arcade version of Double Dragon does at least toss in a few bells and whistles, like updated graphics, online co-op play, and some tough-to-earn achievements. But most importantly, this 
  ArmA: Combat Operations Review
,  Let's point out the obvious, first. Yes, ArmA: Combat Operations is a very weird name. Short for "Armed Assault" (which would have made an infinitely better title), it's much easier to think of ArmA as the spiritual sequel to 2001's critically acclaimed Operation Flashpoint: Cold War Crisis, an innovative military-themed game that's as much simulation as it is shooter. That's because ArmA is the product of Bohemia Interactive, the European developer responsible for Operation Flashpoint. Save for a different name and a different setting, the gameplay in ArmA is unmistakably that of Flashpoint. And that pretty much sums up what's both good and bad about it.  
  Castlevania Review
,  In the era of the Nintendo Entertainment System, publisher Konami was known for making maddeningly difficult but remarkably enjoyable games. Fortunately, games like Gradius and Contra at least had cheat codes to make the difficulty slightly more reasonable. Castlevania, on the other hand, had no such crutch. In fact, the game had an unlockable "hard" mode instead. But somehow, as frustrating as Castlevania could be, it was still an entertaining game because of its solid action and dark, appealing atmosphere. Castlevania is now available on the Wii Virtual Console for 500 points ($5), and it's every bit as challenging and playable as it was when it was originally released 20 years ago.  
  Final Fight Review
,  You want to play Final Fight. This is an inexorable truth. Final Fight is perhaps the single greatest side-scrolling beat-'em-up of all time, a near-perfect realization of the "gang kidnaps someone's girlfriend/wife/daughter/niece/random-damsel-in-distress so you go beat them all up" formula. Between some of the most memorable enemies in beat-'em-up history, a still-great combat system, a slick art style, and the greatest action-hero politician of all time, Metro City mayor Mike Haggar, you absolutely 
  Spider-Man 3 Review
,  Alongside the hotly anticipated film comes the video game adaptation of Spider-Man 3. It's on a whole bunch of platforms, and not all versions of the game are the same. The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions are essentially slight upgrades over 2004's Spider-Man 2, whereas the PlayStation 2 and Wii versions are massively scaled back and dumbed down to the point of being awful. The good news for PC owners is that the PC version happens to be a port of the 360/PS3 version. The bad news is that this port doesn't quite cut it. The control scheme is totally unplayable unless you have a good dual-analog gamepad, and a number of performance problems frequently get in the way of the action.  
  Tokyo Xtreme Racer DRIFT 2 Review
,  The Tokyo Xtreme Racer series has seen a few good entries, but for the most part, the series hasn't been much to get excited about, particularly in the last couple of years. That didn't stop developer Genki from creating a spin-off series that focused on drifting, a type of racing where you throw your car sideways into a turn so that you can take it at high speeds. The first DRIFT game was hampered by bad handling, ugly graphics, and a repetitive conquest mode. Now, almost one year to the day later, Tokyo Xtreme Racer DRIFT 2 suffers from the exact same problems.  
  Ordyne Review
,  Ordyne is a horizontally scrolling space shoot-'em-up that was largely ignored--first when it made the rounds in arcades in the late 1980s and again when Namco produced a watered-down port of it for the TurboGrafx-16 console in 1989. Nearly 20 years later, that TurboGrafx-16 version of Ordyne is now available for purchase from the Wii Virtual Console, and unless the world has gone topsy-turvy, it isn't going to garner much attention this time around either. The game is a boring Gradius knockoff clad in cute graphics, in which the screen automatically scrolls by while one or two players shoot unremarkable weapons at unremarkable enemy ships and try to avoid bullets and obstacles.   
  7 Wonders Review
,  Success breeds imitation, and in the world of video games this is  no more apparent than in the realm of puzzle games. Casual game company PopCap struck gold with Bejeweled, a simple and addictive grid-based gem-matching game, and it wasn't long before competing casual game company iWin conjured up its own, Mayan-themed Bejeweled knockoff called Jewel Quest. Now MumboJumbo is getting in on the action with 7 Wonders of the Ancient World for the PlayStation Portable, which cribs more directly from Jewel Quest than Bejeweled, effectively making 7 Wonders a knockoff of a knockoff.   
  SNK vs. Capcom Card Fighters DS Review
,  In terms of fanservice, few companies do it better than SNK Playmore and Capcom. The ongoing series of SNK vs. Capcom fighting games cram as many characters as possible into an arena and let the zany matchups take center stage. Back when the Neo Geo Pocket Color was still around, there was a card battling spin-off series called SNK vs. Capcom Card Fighters Clash. Unfortunately, the series faded into obscurity after only two releases. Now SNK Playmore has updated Card Fighters Clash and brought it to the Nintendo DS in the form of SNK vs. Capcom Card Fighters DS. This is both a blessing and a curse because while it's a fun card  battling  game that makes great use of the large body of Capcom and SNK source material, it doesn't handle the transition to the DS well at all. With prominent rough edges and absolutely terrible translation, Card Fighters DS is a sloppy, unfinished game.  
  Th3 Plan Review
,  
  Spider-Man 3 Review
,  Alongside the hotly anticipated film comes the video game adaptation of Spider-Man 3 for consoles. But be forewarned that not all versions offer the same gameplay experience. The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions, produced by longtime Spidey developer Treyarch, were essentially slightly upgraded versions of the previous Spider-Man movie games. The Wii and PlayStation 2 versions were put together by a different studio, Vicarious Visions, and are severely downgraded from the benchmark set by previous Spider-Man movie games. Sure, the Wii version throws in some new motion-sensing controls, and you still get to swing around inside a giant, open-ended version of New York City. But everything else about these iterations of Spider-Man 3 is ugly, clumsy, or utterly boring.   
  Super Rub a Dub Review
,  Super Rub a Dub is a very basic puzzle game for the PlayStation 3's download service. The goal of each of the game's levels is quite simple. You want to move a rubber duck around a bathtub-like playfield to collect ducklings, and then lead the whole train of them to the exit in the fastest time possible. The catch is that you play the entire game by tilting the Sixaxis controller around, which tilts the tub and subsequently moves the duck. The end result might have made for a decent little tech demo to show off the "tilty support" made possible by the PlayStation 3's gamepad, but as a game, it's not so hot.  
  Spider-Man 3 Review
,  Alongside the hotly anticipated film comes the video game adaptation of Spider-Man 3 for consoles. But be forewarned that not all versions offer the same gameplay experience. The Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions, produced by longtime Spidey developer Treyarch, were essentially slightly upgraded versions of the previous Spider-Man movie games. The Wii and PlayStation 2 versions were put together by a different studio, Vicarious Visions, and are severely downgraded from the benchmark set by previous Spider-Man movie games. Sure, the Wii version throws in some new motion-sensing controls, and you still get to swing around inside a giant, open-ended version of New York City. But everything else about these iterations of Spider-Man 3 is ugly, clumsy, or utterly boring.   
  The Red Star Review
,  The Red Star was in a near-final state and was fast approaching its original fall 2004 release date when its beleaguered publisher, the now-defunct Acclaim Entertainment, filed for bankruptcy. Acclaim shut down all operations and sold off whatever assets it had--from office furniture to unfinished games. The Red Star, though, seemed to have been lost in the shuffle, permanently shelved. Nearly two years passed before XS Games unexpectedly announced that it was resurrecting The Red Star and bringing it to the PlayStation 2. As entertainingly tumultuous as this development history is, The Red Star beats the odds and manages to stand on its own as a highly concentrated action game that ably blends two old-school genre staples--the beat-'em-up and the top-down shooter--into an unrelenting experience.  
  Penumbra: Overture -- Episode One Review
,  The world of video games might not have produced as many indie horror classics, but the next best thing might just be Penumbra: Overture -- Episode One. This deeply creepy first-person action adventure from Frictional Games may be so low budget that it first crept out of the grave in 2006 as a free online demo, but it delivers in the shivers department. Although there isn't much here for action-first splatterfest fans, and a few technical glitches make some aspects of the design more frustrating than frightening, a constant sense of peril and isolation mean that you shouldn't play this one unless you're happy to sleep with the lights on for a while.  
  Gauntlet II Review
,  In 1985 the original Gauntlet made quite a splash in arcades and on home consoles, thanks to its simple, fast-paced multiplayer action. Just a year after the first, Gauntlet II was released and gave players more maps to play and the ability to play the same character class at the same time. More than 20 years later, it's still a fun game to play with friends, but the single-player mode gets old quickly and the lack of extras is a letdown.  
  Shockman Review
,  Shockman didn't make a big impression when it was originally released for the TurboGrafx-16 back in 1991, and it's not going to stir any waves now that it's available for download from the Wii's Virtual Console shop. Apart from being a solidly designed 2D run-and-gun action game, there's nothing about Shockman that distinguishes it from countless other similar games. Nor does it warrant a purchase from the Virtual Console shop if you haven't already bought full-tilt games, such as Contra III or Gunstar Heroes first.  
  Centipede/Millipede Review
,  Centipede and its sequel, Millipede, have joined the long list of old arcade games that are now available on Xbox Live Arcade. Unlike the other releases, Centipede and Millipede come as part of one package. This two-for-one offer might seem like a good package for 400 points, but slow movement speed and ugly "evolved" modes sour the deal.  
  Heatseeker Review
,  Heatseeker is an arcade-style flying game from IR Gurus, the same developer behind 2005's Heroes of the Pacific. Unlike Heroes, Heatseeker takes place in modern times and places you in the cockpit of some of today's most well-known fighter jets. It's not a very deep game; it's kind of ugly, and the voice acting is atrocious. But Heatseeker can be fun in small doses--especially if you don't mind taking down wave after wave of enemies, level after level.   
  Wonder Boy in Monster World Review
,  Wonder Boy in Monster World is a 2D action adventure that was originally released in 1991 for the Sega Genesis and is now available for purchase from the Wii's Virtual Console shop for 800 points ($8). In the game, which is the sequel to Dragon's Curse (also available in the Virtual Console shop), you assume the role of a warrior named Shion and visit different lands to do battle with numerous monsters large and small. Much of what you do entails jumping across platforms and hacking away at enemies with a sword like you would in any other side-scrolling action game, but the game also has some role-playing nuances, such as the ability to travel between areas at will and to collect weapons and items that make you stronger. You probably won't be blown away by anything you see or do in Wonder Boy in Monster World. Nevertheless, its levels are well designed, the boss fights are challenging, and the graphics and audio exude a sort of cutesy charm that makes going through the whole quest a thoroughly pleasant experience.  
  Catan Review
,  Though the terms "board game" and "arcade" seem somewhat incongruous, the first board game for the Xbox Live Arcade has just debuted in the form of Catan. This is an updated version of the classic German board game Settlers of Catan, a cult favorite among board game players. It is a game of resource management and very careful planning that rewards players that think far ahead. While that might sound a bit dull and overly complex, the good news is that Catan doesn't require a huge investment of time to learn. After a few plays, you'll have all the basics down, and you may just find yourself oddly addicted to this slow-pouring strategy game.  
  Heatseeker Review
,  Heatseeker is an arcade-style flying game from IR Gurus, the same developer behind 2005's Heroes of the Pacific. Unlike Heroes, Heatseeker takes place in modern times and places you in the cockpit of some of today's most well-known fighter jets. It's not a very deep game; it's kind of ugly, and the voice acting is atrocious. But Heatseeker can be fun in small doses--especially if you don't mind taking down wave after wave of enemies, level after level.   
  Legend of the Mystical Ninja Review
,  Originally released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, The Legend of the Mystical Ninja is an oddball action adventure game with a good deal of personality. Though the core gameplay offers a pretty straightforward 2D side-scroller experience with lots of pit jumping and big boss fights, you'll also spend lots of time wandering around villages, visiting shops, and playing minigames. There's something appealing about how the game presents itself, and as a platformer that's more fun with two players, it's a bit of a rarity. Overall, it's a fun experience that gets hobbled by the clunky village areas and the inconsistent quality of the minigames.  
  Bionicle Heroes Review
,  Released last year on most major consoles, Bionicle Heroes was about as bad as it comes without actually being broken. The action was blatantly derivative of Traveller's Tales' Lego Star Wars games. The game also featured mind-numbingly simplistic and repetitive gameplay, as well as a dearth of worthwhile added content. Luckily, the Wii version has come along to deliver the coup de grace, effectively retaining all of the games vices while delivering a control scheme that would be obnoxious even if the camera controls weren't completely busted.  
  Cube Review
,  Before you get too excited, know that Cube the game is not based on the 1997 sci-fi film, 
  Ancient Wars: Sparta Review
,  Sparta: Ancient Wars had the fortune and misfortune to come in the wake of the worldwide box office phenomenon known as 
  Sam & Max Episode 6: Bright Side of the Moon Review
,  Bright Side of the Moon is the sixth and final episode of Sam & Max season one, an episodic series of adventure games based on comic-book characters Sam (a dog) and Max (officially known as a "hyperkinetic rabbity thing"). The team has gotten into some interesting trouble along the way, and this sixth and final episode wraps things up nicely. If you've been playing along over the past five episodes, you're obviously going to want to know how it ends, and, overall, it ends pretty well.  
  Virtua Fighter 2 Review
,  Virtua Fighter 2 was a classic 3D fighting game that really cemented Viruta Fighter as a serious name in fighting games. Arcades, especially in Japan, were packed full of players looking to hone their skills in this highly technical, timing-driven fighter. But you're not getting a faithful version of that arcade classic here on the Wii's Virtual Console series. No, for 800 points ($8) you get the practically unknown version that was released on the Sega Genesis. It squashes all of the arcade version's action into a 2D game but does not contain any of the thrilling gameplay or strategy found in the original game.  
  Punch-Out!! Featuring Mr. Dream Review
,  In 1987, the world was Mike Tyson's oyster. He was boxing's world heavyweight champion, he was on the verge of marrying Robin Givens from TV's 
  Disney's Meet the Robinsons Review
,  Ever since the Nintendo DS came on the scene, it seems like the Game Boy Advance has become a dumping ground for simple, cheaply produced games geared toward young children. Disney's Meet the Robinsons continues the trend. In each of the game's 20 individual missions, you go through a side-scrolling or top-view stage and collect parts for different inventions while shooting at the same carbon-copy enemies and solving the same push-block puzzles over and over again. The straightforward level designs and repetitive tasks are certainly appropriate for kids, and the game might even hold a young child's attention for a couple of hours. But if you're any older than that, you're quickly going to find yourself bored and will probably succumb to the urge to shut the system off after only a few minutes of playing.  
  Raiden III Review
,  If you know anything about the scrolling shoot-'em-up genre, then all you need is the title of Raiden III to know that it's the latest in developer Seibu Kaihatsu's long-running shoot-'em-up series. Raiden III hit arcades back in 2005, but only now has it come to home consoles in this PlayStation 2 update. The gameplay is basically untouched, but a few additional modes have made it into the mix to give the game an iota of value beyond its challenging but fleeting arcade mode. However, longtime shoot-'em-up fans won't find much new or original about Raiden III. It takes the exact same formula found in every other modern scrolling shooter, tweaks it ever so slightly, and then calls it a day. Certainly the game can be fun, even with its total lack of originality, but at the $30 price point that it's running for at retail, you'd hope for some kind of unique quality to help make up for the inherent shallowness of the package.  
  Galaga Review
,  Galaga's most famous form is as a classic arcade shooter that built upon Namco's Galaxian, which, of course, built on Taito's Space Invaders. Galaga has been reissued for Nintendo's Wii as part of the downloadable Virtual Console service. But this is one of those cases where you wish that it were called the Virtual Arcade service, because playing the subpar NES port of Galaga only makes you want to play the arcade version that much more.  
  Disney's Meet the Robinsons Review
,  Even though it's supposedly based on the movie of the same name, the Nintendo DS version of Disney's Meet the Robinsons hardly references the movie. The narrative is loosely driven by the alternate renditions of 2037 that were depicted in the movie, and the main character under your control is Wilbur Robinson, one of the movie's main characters. However, the game doesn't emulate the movie's artistic style, and key events from the movie are portrayed only in brief still-frame images. Furthermore, the action doesn't involve interacting with the movie's characters or exploring the various realities in the adventurous manner that Lewis and Wilbur did in the movie. Instead, Disney's Meet the Robinsons on the DS is a run-and-gun-style shooter that looks and feels similar to Metroid Prime Hunters in that you primarily roam expansive environments while blasting away at the robotic enemies that constantly appear. What's remarkable is that if you let yourself ignore the fact that the game provides almost no connection to the movie, you'll discover that it's actually a varied shooter that makes good use of the system's graphical horsepower and touch-screen features.  
  Mortal Kombat II Review
,  While the original Mortal Kombat certainly created a stir, it was Mortal Kombat II that absolutely blew up and made Midway's fighting game into a series that continues on to this day. The 1993 arcade game did everything you wanted a sequel to do: It gave you new characters, a healthy number of new moves, cutting-edge graphics (well, cutting edge for 1993, anyway), and a perfect reason to hang out in seedy arcades at all hours of the night. It's been successfully ported to multiple home machines over the years, and now it's back again as a downloadable game for the PlayStation 3. While certain aspects of this emulated classic could have been done with a bit more care, the bottom line is that this is MK2 with online play, and the online play works just fine.  
  Cake Mania Review
,  It's a well-known fact that cake is awesome, so it would stand to reason then that a game about cake would be awesome as well. But that's not the case with Majesco's Cake Mania on the Nintendo DS. Don't be fooled by the game's cover art, which makes the game look as if it's geared toward young girls. Cake Mania is repetitive, frustrating, and surprisingly difficult.  
  Disney's Meet the Robinsons Review
,  As video games go, Disney's Meet the Robinsons probably won't be mentioned very often in the same breath with such games as Jak & Daxter, The Legend of Zelda, or Tomb Raider. Nevertheless, it borrows heavily from those and other classic games, with generally solid results. It also does exactly what it's supposed to do, which is let players immerse themselves in the movie's futuristic world. The game revolves around the character of Wilbur Robinson, who uses a time machine to travel into the past and inadvertently sets in motion a chain of events that alters the future. You'll spend the majority of the game in that alternate future, using Wilbur's space-age gadgets to deal with the robot enemies and puzzles contained within each massive environment. You won't be impressed by the graphics, and the action will seem formulaic to you if you've been playing video games for at least a few years. But through sheer variety and a mother lode of charm, the game ultimately manages to be satisfying.  
  Dawnspire: Prelude Review
,  Dawnspire: Prelude may not cost anything in monthly fees, but this hacking-and-slashing online role player from Silent Grove Studios isn't quite worth playing even if you're getting it on the cheap. While there is a tremendous amount of potential here, the game isn't totally ready for prime time, thanks to subpar artificial intelligence and a shortage of human players.  
  Disney's Meet the Robinsons Review
,  As video games go, Disney's Meet the Robinsons probably won't be mentioned very often in the same breath with such games as Jak & Daxter, The Legend of Zelda, or Tomb Raider. Nevertheless, it borrows heavily from those and other classic games, with generally solid results. It also does exactly what it's supposed to do, which is let players immerse themselves in the movie's futuristic world. The game revolves around the character of Wilbur Robinson, who uses a time machine to travel into the past and inadvertently sets in motion a chain of events that alters the future. You'll spend the majority of the game in that alternate future, using Wilbur's space-age gadgets to deal with the robot enemies and puzzles contained within each massive environment. You won't be impressed by the graphics, and the action will seem formulaic to you if you've been playing video games for at least a few years. But through sheer variety and a mother lode of charm, the game ultimately manages to be satisfying.  
  Romance of the Three Kingdoms IV: Wall of Fire Review
,  Romance of the Three Kingdoms is a near-impenetrable series of strategy games based on the famous Chinese novel of the same name. However, the series has garnered enough fans over the years to warrant more than 20 different incarnations across platforms ranging from the Nintendo Entertainment System to the PlayStation 2. Now the series has made its way to the Wii in the form of Romance of the Three Kingdoms IV: Wall of Fire for the Virtual Console. Originally released for the Super Nintendo in 1995, the game is now available for download for a steep 800 points ($8). Just like all the other Romance of the Three Kingdoms games, IV is a dense, esoteric strategy game that can be rewarding, but only if you're extremely patient or well versed in the mechanics of the series.  
  Disney's Meet the Robinsons Review
,  As video games go, Disney's Meet the Robinsons probably won't be mentioned very often in the same breath with such games as Jak & Daxter, The Legend of Zelda, or Tomb Raider. Nevertheless, it borrows heavily from those and other classic games, with generally solid results. It also does exactly what it's supposed to do, which is let players immerse themselves in the movie's futuristic world. The game revolves around the character of Wilbur Robinson, who uses a time machine to travel into the past and inadvertently sets in motion a chain of events that alters the future. You'll spend the majority of the game in that alternate future, using Wilbur's space-age gadgets to deal with the robot enemies and puzzles contained within each massive environment. You won't be impressed by the graphics, and the action will seem formulaic to you if you've been playing video games for at least a few years. But through sheer variety and a mother lode of charm, the game ultimately manages to be satisfying.  
  Disney's Meet the Robinsons Review
,  As video games go, Disney's Meet the Robinsons probably won't be mentioned very often in the same breath with such games as Jak & Daxter, The Legend of Zelda, or Tomb Raider. Nevertheless, it borrows heavily from those and other classic games, with generally solid results. It also does exactly what it's supposed to do, which is let players immerse themselves in the movie's futuristic world. The game revolves around the character of Wilbur Robinson, who uses a time machine to travel into the past and inadvertently sets in motion a chain of events that alters the future. You'll spend the majority of the game in that alternate future, using Wilbur's space-age gadgets to deal with the robot enemies and puzzles contained within each massive environment. You won't be impressed by the graphics, and the action will seem formulaic to you if you've been playing video games for at least a few years. But through sheer variety and a mother lode of charm, the game ultimately manages to be satisfying.  
  Disney's Meet the Robinsons Review
,  As video games go, Disney's Meet the Robinsons probably won't be mentioned very often in the same breath with such games as Jak & Daxter, The Legend of Zelda, or Tomb Raider. Nevertheless, it borrows heavily from those and other classic games, with generally solid results. It also does exactly what it's supposed to do, which is let players immerse themselves in the movie's futuristic world. The game revolves around the character of Wilbur Robinson, who uses a time machine to travel into the past and inadvertently sets in motion a chain of events that alters the future. You'll spend the majority of the game in that alternate future, using Wilbur's space-age gadgets to deal with the robot enemies and puzzles contained within each massive environment. You won't be impressed by the graphics, and the action will seem formulaic to you if you've been playing video games for at least a few years. But through sheer variety and a mother lode of charm, the game ultimately manages to be satisfying.  
  Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent Review
,  It's not easy to be Sam Fisher, the National Security Agency's elite secret agent. Sure, he gets to jet around the world to fabulous destinations, but most of his time is spent skulking in the shadows, waiting for a guard to pass close enough so he can snap his neck, or crawling through ventilation shafts to infiltrate one top-secret facility or another. Of course, Sam's hardships are a gamer's treat because Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell is a series that delivers excellent stealth action gameplay where you get to play as Fisher while he tries to save the free world again and again. With Splinter Cell: Double Agent, Sam arrives on the PlayStation 3 for the first time, and as you'd expect, this is a fine-looking game, though it's a paler imitation of the Xbox 360 version. Still, when it comes to delivering high-tech espionage and tense gameplay, it's definitely worth checking out.  
  Boom Boom Rocket Review
,  In the early days of the rhythm genre, there were a lot of games that simply used the controller. Nowadays, we're awash in plastic guitars, dance mats, microphones, congas, and all sorts of other crazy, expensive equipment. Boom Boom Rocket is, in a lot of ways, a throwback to simpler times. That cuts both ways: The simplistic nature of Boom Boom Rocket makes it easy to pick up and enjoy in brief chunks, but it's also roughly like playing Dance Dance Revolution with the controller instead of a dance mat, which, unsurprisingly, isn't too much fun.  
  Etrom: The Astral Essence Review
,  To Wild Hare, the publisher of Etrom: The Astral Essence and a seemingly new face on the PC game-publishing landscape, a note of advice: hire more play testers! This hack-and-slash RPG should never have been let out the door of developer P.M. Studios, as all sorts of design flaws, crash bugs, an atrocious camera system, and PS2-era presentation values make it basically unplayable.  
  Luxor 2 Review
,  Luxor 2 is the sequel to casual games developer MumboJumbo's Luxor. Luxor was a rip-off of the popular PopCap puzzler Zuma. Zuma was a rip-off of an obscure Japanese puzzle game called Puzz Loop. So, in essence, Luxor 2 is a sequel to a copy of a copy. If that sounds like too many layers of derivation for the game to be unique or particularly fun, you'd be exactly right. Luxor 2 feels every bit like the third-generation clone that it is, and its few twists on the concept that Puzz Loop created and that Zuma made popular aren't enough to make it worth the $10 it's running for on Xbox Live Arcade.  
  Brave: The Search for Spirit Dancer Review
,  It's a little ironic that the swan song from now-defunct Scottish developer Vis Entertainment, which made a name for itself with the deliciously antisocial State of Emergency in 2002, may end up being Brave: The Search for Spirit Dancer, a kid-friendly action adventure game that takes a superficial level of inspiration from Native American culture. It's a pretty harmless game with a very linear through-line, an eagerness to hold the player's hand, and a general desire to make the experience as low-impact as possible. It's not bad--it's just very disposable entertainment.  
  Double Dungeons Review
,  Some old games are worth revisiting once in a while for no other reason than to savor the warm rush of nostalgia, but other games should be left to rot in the annals of video game history. Double Dungeons for the TurboGrafx-16 is one of the latter games. It's an extremely crude dungeon crawler that originally appeared on the TurboGrafx-16 in 1990 and has now been revived on the Wii Virtual Console with a price of 600 points ($6). That might not seem like much money to blow on any game, but for Double Dungeons, it's way too much.  
  Dunes of War Review
,  A sandy sequel to last year's First Battalion, arcade tank shooter Dunes of War is one of those action games that's as forgettable as breakfast. Its routine, shoot-everything-that-moves gameplay gets you going and keeps you going for the six hours or so you roll around the desert sands of WWII blasting Panzers, Shermans, and assorted troops, trucks, and antitank guns, but you won't remember anything about it a few hours after taking it off your hard drive. Even though the action is agreeably fast paced and everything blows up real good, this is a short, by-the-numbers shooter that alternately gets the adrenaline going and gets a little mind-numbing at times.  
  Aedis Eclipse: Generation of Chaos Review
,  Aedis Eclipse is a game that demands a lot of patience, much like its predecessor, Generation of Chaos. Sometimes your patience is rewarded with deep tactical gameplay that almost makes it worth swimming through the game's inherent frustrations. Unfortunately, even the most tolerant players will find it a chore to muddle through 40 hours of sluggish performance and clunky menus. Because these issues plagued the first game, the missed potential makes Aedis Eclipse all the more disappointing.   
  Calling All Cars! Review
,  If nothing else, Calling All Cars! earns the exclamation point in its name. It's a chaotic and fast paced game of capture-the-criminal that's easy to pick up and play. The game is fun in spurts, especially with friends, but with a dearth of content and a simplistic design, it won't keep you occupied for very long.   
  Eets: Chowdown Review
,  Eets: Chowdown was originally released on the PC early last year as simply Eets, and now Klei Entertainment has ported the playfully peculiar 2D puzzle platformer to Xbox Live Arcade. The gameplay is heavily inspired by Lemmings in the sense that you don't have direct control of your character, but you can influence its path and behavior by placing different objects in the environment. It's an easy game to pick up, but the cartoonishly warped art style belies a hearty challenge as you get further into the game. The levels certainly get more complicated as you advance through the seven different worlds of Eets: Chowdown, but the action remains consistent throughout the game.  
  Dungeon Explorer Review
,  If nothing else, Dungeon Explorer is aptly named. This action role-playing game first appeared on the TurboGrafx-16 in 1989, letting up to five players shoot monsters, collect magic items, and, of course, explore dungeons. Dungeon Explorer is now available on the Wii Virtual Console for 600 points ($6), which is a few dollars too expensive for a game that's little more than a rudimentary Gauntlet clone.   
  The Fast and the Furious Review
,  If there is one force that can be credited for thrusting modern street racing into the limelight, it's the 2001 film 
  Pinball FX Review
,  Pinball FX is a three-table pinball simulator from Hungarian developer, Zen Studios. It offers a standard set of pinball-related features, but it also makes some interesting deviations from the old digital pinball formula. All the pieces are in place, but unfortunately, this Xbox Live Arcade game's most prominent components are its shoddy ball movement and lackluster table design.  
  Rayman Raving Rabbids Review
,  Released alongside the launch of the Nintendo Wii, Rayman Raving Rabbids took Ubisoft's mascot platformer hero, Rayman, and shoved him into a world filled with bizarre minigames and evil, screeching bunnies. Not that the Wii launch was hurting for minigame collections, but Raving Rabbids was a success, simply because it combined its hilariously strange characters and the Wii's motion sensing technology into a highly playable and goofily enjoyable game. Now, months after the Wii release, as well as subsequent PC and PlayStation 2 ports of the game, Raving Rabbids has made its way to the Xbox 360. This is still a minigame collection, but nearly all of the motion-sensing controls have been replaced with the 360's analog sticks and trigger buttons, save for a few that support the Xbox Live Vision camera. While this does leave you stuck playing the majority of the games with a controller, Raving Rabbids still remains amusing almost entirely because of the hilarious personality of those nasty rabbids.  
  F.E.A.R. Review
,  When F.E.A.R. originally debuted on the PC in 2005, it delivered a kinetic and spooky first-person shooter experience, capped with memorable firefights and cutthroat artificial intelligence. That same experience transferred successfully to the Xbox 360 last year. The PlayStation 3 version of the game retains the same focus on action, but lacks the level of polish and atmosphere seen in the previous two versions.   
  Gradius III Review
,  The Gradius series of space shooters has developed a reputation for being extremely difficult, and Gradius III justifies that notoriety. The game was originally released for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System in 1991 and is now available on the Wii Virtual Console for 800 points ($8). It's a good deal if you're looking to test your reflexes, and it will provide a steep challenge to even the most seasoned Gradius veterans. However, for the inexperienced player, Gradius III is a nearly impenetrable, often maddeningly difficult experience that's still entertaining in an almost masochistic way.    
  Battle Lode Runner Review
,  Hudson originally published Battle Lode Runner for its PC-Engine console in Japan in 1993, but it never got around to publishing it for the TurboGrafx-16 (the PC-Engine's equivalent in North America) because the company instead decided to throw in the towel and concede the console market to Nintendo and Sega. Incredibly, after 14 years, the TurboGrafx-16 version of Battle Lode Runner has finally been made available in North America—not for the actual TG-16, but as one of the TG-16 games available for purchase in the Wii's Virtual Console shop. While that's a neat point of trivia and good news for anyone hoping to see other Japan exclusives make their way to the Virtual Console, the game itself isn't worth getting excited about. It's still the same ancient computer game that people had played to death by the time the 1980s came to a close, and the extra play modes and updated graphics do nothing to change that fact.  
  Pimp My Ride Review
,  How do you break a bad game? Ask the developers of Pimp My Ride for the PSP, as they have achieved this dubiously wondrous feat. Based on the hit MTV car-customization show starring the self-proclaimed Mr. Black Bruce Willis himself, Xzibit, Pimp My Ride was originally released late last year on the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 2. Mixing a lousy driving game with completely pointless minigames that barely tied everything together into something that vaguely resembled the concept of the show, it was a poor piece of work. Now the game has come to the PSP, and it is with no amount of exaggeration that we state that Pimp My Ride is, hands down, 
  Gyruss Review
,  Konami's Gyruss is now available on Xbox Live Arcade, and it has the same bells and whistles that you've come to expect from Digital Eclipse's emulation work. It's a reasonably faithful version of the arcade game, with a weird side-by-side online mode where you play at the same time as another player but never actually interact, and it has updated graphics and sound that you can disable if you prefer the original arcade experience. Gyruss isn't exactly the most famous shooter in the world, but if you remember it--and remember liking it--you'll get enough out of it to justify the $5 purchase price.  
  Beyond Oasis Review
,  Beyond Oasis (known in Japan and Europe as The Story of Thor) is the Sega Genesis console's answer to The Legend of Zelda. If you've just recently become aware of it, that's not surprising. It was originally released back in December of 1994, when the Sega Genesis was on its last legs. On top of that, Sega hasn't included Beyond Oasis in any of the company's various classics compilations over the years, which means that the Wii's Virtual Console shop is the only opportunity most people have had to own and play the game since its original release.  
  Dragon's Curse Review
,  Dragon's Curse is an action adventure game originally released in 1990 for the TurboGrafx-16. Despite a confusing name change, Dragon's Curse is actually part of the Wonder Boy series of games, which appeared in arcades and on the Sega Master System. Almost two decades later, the series is now available on the Wii Virtual Console. Dragon's Curse is a standard side-scrolling action game with a few role-playing elements and a unique twist, which is that the hero must transform into different creatures with unique abilities to progress through the game. Beyond that, there's nothing to get excited about in Dragon's Curse. This game has aged much better than many of Hudson's other Virtual Console releases, so it's not a bad way to spend 600 points ($6).  
  Bust-a-Move Bash! Review
,  Bust-A-Move Bash! marks the debut of Taito's bubble-bobbling puzzle franchise on the Nintendo Wii, and if you were hoping for some clever motion controls that will revitalize the exhausted Bust-A-Move gameplay formula, prepare to have your bubble burst. The controls turn out to be one of the biggest liabilities against Bust-A-Move Bash!, though the meager feature set and skill-less multiplayer certainly don't help make the package any more enticing.  
  Air Battles: Sky Defender Review
,  Average Joes looking for the chance to fly the unfriendly skies of Europe during World War II should enlist with Air Battles: Sky Defender. While this Pilot Entertainment game screams low budget at times and takes a casual approach to aerial combat that won't please hardcore simulation fans, its great looks and easy, breezy design make it a treat for those looking for something relatively light. Only the lack of proper campaigns and online multiplayer keep it from ace status.  
  Pocket Pool Review
,  It's going to take a certain kind of self-hating individual to wring any drop of enjoyment out of Eidos' Pocket Pool. Let's start with the basics. For one, as a portable pool game, Pocket Pool is terribly underwhelming. It's got several variations of the game, to be sure, but its mechanics and physics are so wonky and unpleasant that any potential gameplay enjoyment is quickly squashed. But let's say you're the masochistic type and are willing to suffer through any amount of bad gameplay to get to what Pocket Pool's purported prize is: photos and videos of sexy models. Fine, sure, why not? Here's why not: The unlockables happen to be complete garbage. These are cut-rate models gyrating and posing in such utterly boring fashion as to make early-'90s swimsuit calendar videos look like Larry Flynt concoctions in comparison. Suffice it to say, Pocket Pool has about zero going for it in any category.  
  Whirlwind Over Vietnam Review
,  Developer G5 Software deserves a lot of praise for its chopper sim Whirlwind Over Vietnam. Unfortunately, virtually all of these kudos are for the company's decision to skip World War II and set a flight sim in Southeast Asia, not for anything to do with gameplay. Everything beyond the offbeat setting ranges from merely pedestrian to downright bad, thanks in large part to problematic controls that won't satisfy serious simmers or casual fliers, overly long shoot-'em-up missions, and some serious technical glitches.  
  Chew-Man-Fu Review
,  Chew Man Fu for the TurboGrafx-16 is a puzzle game that was clearly inspired by 1980s arcade maze crawlers, such as Sega's Pengo and Capcom's Pirate Ship Higemaru. The title refers to the game's antagonist, a sorcerer that has cast a spell robbing the world of all its tastiest foods. To break the spell, you have to help your on-screen character manipulate four colored balls into their appropriate receptacles within 50 different mazes, while avoiding enemies and gobbling up any food or power-up items you come across. Like many puzzle games, the action is repetitive and the presentation is the very definition of plain. However, if you're the sort of person who enjoys maze-based puzzle games, you might just find yourself quickly hooked on the increasingly challenging maze layouts that the game dishes out. On top of that, Chew Man Fu includes a number of bonus features that almost make the 600 Wii points ($6) it costs to download the game from the Virtual Console shop seem like a bargain.  
  Sam & Max Episode 5: Reality 2.0 Review
,  The fifth episode of Telltale's Sam & Max adventure series sees the dog and rabbit detective team taking on the most insidious enemy of all: the Internet. The previous four episodes have all had to do with some criminal mastermind hypnotizing people. This time around, the hypnotic device is a set of virtual-reality goggles that transports the user into an unfinished massively multiplayer online style of game called Reality 2.0. With some great twists and the most inventive premise of the season so far, Reality 2.0 continues the storyline in style.  
  Bravoman Review
,  Most games available for the Wii's Virtual Console are noteworthy for some reason or another. Some are standouts in their genres. Others lack mainstream appeal but have developed loyal followings throughout the years. Bravoman for the TurboGrafx-16 is a thoroughly lousy 2D action game that's notable for its strange characters and batty broken-English dialogue. The main character is a bionic superhero that attacks by extending his arms and legs, and the story revolves around a madman named Dr. Bomb that has unleashed an army of robots, weird beasts, and Power Ranger wannabes on the world. The game was most likely meant to be taken as a parody of the action genre. Unfortunately, the humor is impossible to appreciate since the action and graphics are so lame.   
  Silverfall Review
,  Silverfall is the latest in a long line of action role-playing games, and it's brimming with possibilities. It's got neat cel-shaded character models, a whole lot of cool monsters, and the tried-and-true clickfest Diablo formula going for it. It could have used a whole lot of buff and polish, though, and sloppy design elements wiggle their way into almost every aspect of the game. If you like action RPG's, you'll get a good amount of gaming out of Silverfall, but you won't find any of the slickness of Dungeon Siege II or Titan Quest.  
  Theme Park Review
,  If you've ever wondered why anyone listens to the crazy talk of that Peter Molyneux guy, it's partly because of his genre-defining 1994 classic Theme Park for the PC, which opened up the world to business strategy-style games. Echoing the original's gameplay, other versions of Theme Park have attracted new crowds over the years by expanding its vomit-slicked walkways to various consoles and platforms, and the Nintendo DS is the latest venue to proffer the game's exorbitantly priced wares. If nothing less than Cedar Point's direct adrenal stimulation will do, then you might want to stick with the latest Roller Coaster Tycoon game. However, if a nostalgic, cotton-candy-fueled romp through Coney Island sounds like good times, you'll find that Theme Park's original formula is still pretty addictive.  
  Excitebike Review
,  Many people have fond memories of Excitebike, since it was one of the original launch games for Nintendo's NES console back in 1985. Now that the game is available for the Wii's Virtual Console, it's nice to see that it's still charming and fun to play, even if the intervening years haven't been kind to the graphics and audio.  
  Lumines Plus Review
,  The original Lumines was one of the best puzzle games of 2005. Since then it has been repackaged for Xbox Live, received a sequel on the PlayStation Portable, and now has been repackaged yet again for the PlayStation 2. It's still a good puzzle game and will be very enjoyable for anyone who never played the original, but there's absolutely no reason to pick it up if you've played any of the other Lumines games.   
  Bonanza Bros Review
,  Bonanza Bros. is an underappreciated diamond in the rough that's been given a second chance to shine now that its Sega Genesis version has been made available on the Wii's Virtual Console. It was one of many arcade games--along with Altered Beast, Space Harrier II, and Golden Axe--that Sega published for the company's 16-bit home console. But, unlike those other games, Bonanza Bros. went mostly unnoticed when it was released for the Genesis in May of 1991. The main reason Bonanza Bros. didn't receive much positive word of mouth is because it's not a game that makes a good first impression if your initial experiences with it are playing solo. When it's just you playing, the act of avoiding the cops and swiping loot feels mundane and tedious. However, when you play in tandem with another person and uncover some teamwork strategies, the game becomes a laugh-a-minute romp packed with "cops and robbers"-style chicanery.  
  Championship Manager 2007 Review
,  The PlayStation 2 probably isn't most people's idea of a perfect platform for a football management game. However, in the past couple of years such games have gained a foothold on the console, and Eidos' Championship Manager 2007 actually does a good job of providing a relatively authentic experience.  
  Gain Ground Review
,  It's surprising to see the Sega Genesis version of Gain Ground available on the Wii's Virtual Console. The game wasn't popular when it made the rounds in arcades during the late 1980s, and it didn't win many additional fans when Sega ported it to the Genesis in 1991. There's a vocal group of people out there who insist the game will grow on you once you invest the time to learn its intricacies. While that's certainly a possibility, you're more likely to come to the realization that you've wasted a ton of time playing a haphazardly conceived strategy game that's challenging for all the wrong reasons.  
  UEFA Champions League 2006-2007 Review
,  Judging by how many soccer games are currently available for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable, you'd think that soccer was by far the most popular sport in North America. In less than a year, EA has released a FIFA game and a World Cup game, and now there's one more to add to the list: UEFA Champions League 2006-2007. Though solid, the core game isn't vastly different from any of EA's other soccer games, the Champions League license will do little to excite most North American players, and the PS2 and PSP versions of the game are missing the cool trading card feature found on the Xbox 360, making it difficult to recommend.   
  UEFA Champions League 2006-2007 Review
,  Judging by how many soccer games are currently available for the PlayStation 2 and PlayStation Portable, you'd think that soccer was by far the most popular sport in North America. In less than a year, EA has released a FIFA game and a World Cup game, and now there's one more to add to the list: UEFA Champions League 2006-2007. Though solid, the core game isn't vastly different from any of EA's other soccer games, the Champions League license will do little to excite most North American players, and the PS2 and PSP versions of the game are missing the cool trading card feature found on the Xbox 360, making it difficult to recommend.   
  Test Drive Unlimited Review
,  Late last year, Atari and developer Eden Studios released Test Drive Unlimited for the Xbox 360. Purportedly the first "massively open online racing" game, Unlimited provided you with a wide-open setting (the Hawaiian island of Oahu), a myriad of slick rides, tons of different races to take part in, and an online mode that actually let you occupy the same basic driving space as other online players and challenge them in competition. Not everything the game did on the 360 worked brilliantly, but it was an inventive and unique piece of technology that was impressive in its own right. Now the game has come to the PSP, and it'd be understandable if you doubted whether the game could hold up on a system that isn't nearly as powerful as the PS2, let alone the Xbox 360. However, not only did the developers squeeze in all the offline modes and races found in the recently released PS2 version of the game, but they also got the online mode working, and working well. It's a technical marvel to be sure, and one that isn't dragged down by lousy loading times or a clunky interface. Though it's certainly not the very best version available, this PSP installment might just be the most technically impressive of the lot.   
  Shining Force Exa Review
,  Shining Force Exa is an action role-playing game that follows very closely in the steps of 2005's Shining Force Neo. Once again you can spend hours hacking your way through countless enemies on your way to saving the world from utter annihilation. It's a generic concept but one that works for a while, simply because it doesn't give you time to ponder the banality of the entire experience; instead, it keeps you busy by throwing wave after wave of monsters in front of your ridiculously oversized sword. It's good, mindless fun for a few hours, but tedium and frustration soon set in as you realize just how shallow Shining Force Exa is.     
  Honeycomb Beat Review
,  Before Q Entertainment came out with the one-two release of Lumines and Meteos, it had been years since a puzzle game garnered much critical or commercial attention. These two puzzle games arguably traded on slick presentation as much as they did on inventive and addictive puzzle concepts, and with success comes imitators. Hudson's Honeycomb Beat does its damnedest to emulate the look and feel of Q Entertainment's finest. In this regard, it's fairly successful, if patently derivative. The gameplay concept isn't a bad one, and it benefits from having two unique modes with distinctly different focal points. What hurts the experience, though, is a lack of evolution. The game gets harder the longer you play it, that's for sure, but it's missing the hook that makes you really 
  Rayman Raving Rabbids Review
,  Rayman Raving Rabbids for the Nintendo DS has a lot more in common with the Game Boy Advance version of Raving Rabbids than any of its console counterparts. This is a pure and simple side-scrolling platformer with a few touch-screen-oriented minigames sprinkled in--not a minigame collection, as was the case with all of the console versions of Raving Rabbids. It also must be said that Raving Rabbids for the DS is a rather middling platformer that relies more on repetition and backtracking than it does solid controls or an interesting adventure. Certainly, there is the boon of those creepy, cuddly rabbids to the game's credit, but even they aren't quite enough to pull Rayman's latest DS adventure out of mediocrity.  
  The Mark Review
,  It would be so easy and tempting to describe how bad The Mark is by making some cute remark like, "The Mark is way off the mark," or "The lame gameplay is a black mark against The Mark." However, that takes more effort than this dreary, lackluster shooter from DreamCatcher and T7 Games deserves. Sure, it's a budget shooter, but that doesn't excuse the fact that it's a very bad game.  
  Medal of Honor: Vanguard Review
,  To say first-person shooters based on World War II are a dime a dozen might be putting it mildly. There are still some great ones every now and then, such as Call of Duty 3 on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, but even the best WWII games are getting dangerously close to having their top-notch gameplay overshadowed by the "been there, done that" feeling you get from doing the same or similar missions over and over again. There's no great gameplay to be found in Medal of Honor: Vanguard, so there's nothing to hide those feelings of déjà vu that you'll get when you play it. Nearly everything in the game has been done before, and it has all been done better.  
  Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai - Another Road Review
,  Last year's Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai for the PlayStation Portable was a decent fighting game that succeeded on its ability to deliver manic action with a good amount of over-the-top, Dragon Ball Z flair. A year later, Atari returns with Dragon Ball Z: Shin Budokai - Another Road. It was a wise decision not to call it Shin Budokai 2, as Another Road brazenly recycles nearly everything of consequence from the first Shin Budokai. What's there is still good, but the package feels kind of pointless.  
  Eureka Seven Vol. 2: The New Vision Review
,  Eureka Seven Vol. 2: The New Vision presumably closes out the video game-format prequel to the nearly year-to-the-day-ended anime series 
  Medal of Honor: Vanguard Review
,  To say first-person shooters based on World War II are a dime a dozen might be putting it mildly. There are still some great ones every now and then, such as Call of Duty 3 on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360, but even the best WWII games are getting dangerously close to having their top-notch gameplay overshadowed by the "been there, done that" feeling you get from doing the same or similar missions over and over again. There's no great gameplay to be found in Medal of Honor: Vanguard, so there's nothing to hide those feelings of déjà vu that you'll get when you play it. Nearly everything in the game has been done before, and it has all been done better.  
  Test Drive Unlimited Review
,  Late last year, Atari and developer Eden Studios released Test Drive Unlimited for the Xbox 360. Purportedly the first "massively open online racing" game, Unlimited provided you with a wide-open setting (the Hawaiian island of Oahu), a myriad of slick rides, tons of different races to take part in, and an online mode that actually let you occupy the same basic driving space as other online players and challenge them in competition. Not everything the game did on the 360 worked brilliantly, but it was an inventive and unique piece of technology that was impressive in its own right. Now the game has come to the PC, and for all intents and purposes, this version is nearly identical to the 360 game. It's a little rougher around the edges than its 360 counterpart, but if you never played the 360 version and think the idea of racing around Hawaii while bumping up against other online players sounds like fun, this version's worth a look.  
  Test Drive Unlimited Review
,  Late last year, Atari and developer Eden Studios released Test Drive Unlimited for the Xbox 360. Purportedly the first "massively open online racing" game, Unlimited provided you with a wide-open setting (the Hawaiian island of Oahu), a myriad of slick rides, tons of different races to take part in, and an online mode that actually let you occupy the same basic driving space as other online players and challenge them in competition. Not everything the game did on the 360 worked brilliantly, but it was an inventive and unique piece of technology that was impressive in its own right. Now the game has come to the PlayStation 2, and it'd be understandable if you doubted whether the game could hold up on a system that isn't nearly as powerful as the 360. However, while a number of assorted features have been axed in this version, most of those were superfluous elements. The core driving mechanics, hot rides, and online mode are all intact, and while you can't quite call the PS2 version a great driving game, it's still an impressive piece of work on its own merits.  
  3D Ultra Minigolf Adventures Review
,  The original 3D Ultra Minigolf was a forgettable PC game from Sierra released in 1997, so it's curious that 10 years later, the follow-up game is being released. The sequel, 3D Ultra Minigolf Adventures is a bit of fun when played with friends, but the single-player experience is lackluster thanks to slow pacing and erratic physics.  
  Valhalla Knights Review
,  Despite its name, Valhalla Knights has nothing to do with Norse mythology. Instead, this action role-playing game is a hodgepodge of familiar themes involving vampires, helicopters, ninjas, robots, zombies, elves, mages, and more. You might think that an eclectic mix of themes would make for an interesting and unique game, but that's not the case in Valhalla Knights. Instead, it's an extremely repetitive, tedious, and unexciting dungeon crawl.   
  Bonk's Revenge Review
,  Now that Bonk's Revenge is available alongside Bonk's Adventure in the TurboGrafx-16 section of the Wii's Virtual Console shopping channel, people are bound to ask if Bonk's Revenge is better than its predecessor, especially those who spent 600 points ($6) on Bonk's Adventure and found it to be nothing special. In most regards, yes, it is. Once again, you have to guide the titular cavedude through a number of 2D platforming stages and use his thick forehead to bash whatever enemies and obstacles get in the way. However, this second game is much more extravagant than the first one was. Bonk has a couple of new abilities, enemies are more plentiful, the stages are larger and more inspired than those in the first game, and the graphics and audio better represent what the TurboGrafx-16 hardware is capable of.  
  Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle Review
,  Before Sonic the Hedgehog, Sega's company mascot was a boy with big ears and monkeylike features named Alex Kidd. Sega tried its best to push Alex as a mascot by producing a number of games featuring the character for the 8-bit Sega Master System console, but people never took to Alex or his games. Looking back, it's no wonder that Alex Kidd never caught on. Besides the fact that monkey boys in red jumpsuits are totally uncool, all of his games were archaic 2D jump-and-punch romps that, from the very moment they were released, were already two years behind the day's crop of kiddy action games in terms of fun and charm. Alex's last hurrah was Alex Kidd in the Enchanted Castle, which was originally published in 1989 for the Sega Genesis and is now available for play through the Wii's Virtual Console service. Tragically, the game isn't much of a hurrah, since its most memorable traits are the clunky controls and the rock-paper-scissors minigame.  
  Jetpac Refuelled Review
,  Jetpac was a popular game for the ZX Spectrum, a computer that didn't receive much attention in North America but certainly had its fans in Europe. This 1983 shooter was developed by the company we now know as Rare, which is bringing Jetpac back as an updated Xbox Live Arcade game called Jetpac Refuelled. This basic game receives some nice updates in its "refuelled" mode, but it's still best suited for those who hold some shred of nostalgia for the original game.  
  Prince of Persia Rival Swords Review
,  In the same way that Ubisoft converted Prince of Persia: Warrior Within to Prince of Persia Revelations for the PlayStation Portable, so too has it released an updated version of Two Thrones for the Wii and PSP with Prince of Persia Rival Swords. Rival Swords retains the essence of what made Two Thrones such a great game in 2005. But rereleasing a game at full price a year and a half after the original doesn't come without expectations, and the added motion-sensing controls do little to justify the lack of a graphical update or the omission of meaningful extras.  
  Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo Tales Review
,  For a kid-oriented game, it's hard not to be taken in by Final Fantasy Fables: Chocobo Tales. It's got a splendid sense of storybook style, with cute and colorful graphics. It also has a charming story that overflows with wit and wile. The smart assortment of gameplay styles includes exploration, card battling, and minigames, with each vying for your attention. For the most part, these elements fit together nicely, though some of the minigames can be unnecessarily frustrating. Yet in spite of the occasional unevenness, Chocobo Tales is fun for younger players and surprisingly engaging for the older crowd too.   
  Great Invasions Review
,  Adjust your expectations significantly downward and you might be able to wring some enjoyment out of Great Invasions: The Dark Ages 350-1066 AD. This real-time strategy game from French developer Indie Games Productions (originally released in Europe in 2005) may be a second-stringer in comparison with the Europa Universalis franchise that it mimics, but this intricate epic piles on the details for historical gamers who want more of a textbook feel than that offered by the likes of EU III. Just expect to spend a lot of time figuring this one out, as some odd design decisions, along with interface and documentation shortcomings, make it one of the most complicated strategy games you'll ever play.  
  Prince of Persia Rival Swords Review
,  In the same way that Ubisoft converted Prince of Persia: Warrior Within to Prince of Persia Revelations for the PlayStation Portable, so too has it released an updated version of Two Thrones for the Wii and PSP with Prince of Persia Rival Swords. The Prince's last foray on the PSP was marred by a litany of sound bugs, as well as some unfortunate load times. These issues were clearly addressed in Rival Swords, and while not entirely resolved, their impact is less substantial. Rival Swords, then, is a great translation of Two Thrones, and no doubt through some time-altering voodoo, Ubisoft has padded out the PSP package with some worthwhile additions, making this the most content-laden version of them all.   
  Baseball Mogul 2008 Review
,  Baseball Mogul has come a long way in the nine years since its opening day. The game started in 1998 as a straightforward economic simulation of what it would be like to run a big-league ballclub, with a focus on winning the World Series 
  Making History: The Calm and the Storm Review
,  Making History: The Calm and the Storm is a strategy game that has an interesting history of its own. Originally developed as an edutainment game for history teachers, it has evolved into a full-scale retail product about World War II. This is a turn-based strategy game that looks and feels like a board game, but also features a fair amount of depth and control. With that said, it's not as complex or as deep as Paradox's comprehensive Hearts of Iron series--but for something that's designed to teach the basics of World War II, it doesn't have to be. As it is, Making History is an interesting, though not gripping, game.  
  Metal Slug Anthology Review
,  After years of scattered, piecemeal releases on various home consoles, SNK marks the 10th anniversary of the original Metal Slug by rolling up all seven Metal Slug arcade games into a single package with Metal Slug Anthology. It's a must-have for Metal Slug completists, if for no other reason than it marks the first time that the relatively new Metal Slug 6 has appeared anywhere other than Sammy's Atomiswave arcade hardware. However, those same completists will likely be bothered by the unfortunate peppering of short, but noticeable, in-game load times found in all of the games. Still, the lovingly drawn 2D graphics look exceptional, and the series' comically violent style and relentless action make for a singularly awesome experience.   
  Made Man Review
,  Rarely has an action game squandered such a solid concept as Aspyr and Silverback Studios' Made Man has. Gangland shooters should be a pretty easy thing to put together at this point, yet Made Man is proof positive that with the right amount of indifference and general disdain for the game-buying public, you can still make complete dreck out of a seemingly foolproof concept. The weirdest thing is that by all accounts, Made Man shouldn't have ever come out. This is one of the last few games now-defunct publisher Acclaim had in the pipes when it went under a few years back. Now Aspyr has resurrected its unfinished corpse, yet apparently it didn't bother to have anyone fix it up beyond what was necessary to make the disc load. From its buggy, intensely frustrating gameplay to its near-absent production values, Made Man is a flat-out mess across every category.  
  Mind Quiz: Your Brain Coach Review
,  Mind Quiz: Your Brain Coach is a shameless clone of Nintendo's brain-training DS game, Brain Age. Like that game, it offers tests that use shaky-looking science to determine how "old" your brain feels, along with various minigames designed to give your brain a bit of a workout. Mind Quiz has some similar tests to Nintendo's game and essentially comes off feeling like a cheap knockoff.  
  Rocky Balboa Review
,  As improbable as the setup for MGM's 
  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Review
,  Conceptually speaking, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles for the Nintendo Entertainment System isn't all that different from Contra, Castlevania, or any of Konami's other 8-bit action games. In fact, a good portion of the sound effects and music in TMNT were lifted directly from Contra. For each of the game's five chapters, you wander around a top-view map, figuring out which doors and manholes connect to the areas you need to clear. Then you jump and hack your way through the enemies in those side-scrolling areas using the turtles at your disposal. You only control one turtle at a time, but you can swap them from the pause menu, which effectively gives you four lives to get through each chapter. Unfortunately, unlike Contra or Castlevania, the team that put TMNT together did a sloppy job. The stages aren't so much challenging as they are unfair, the action feels unpolished, and the game as a whole doesn't make good use of the TMNT license.  
  ProStroke Golf - World Tour 2007 Review
,  There's no question that the Tiger Woods series is the king of video game golf, but that hasn't stopped other developers from trying to get their piece of the pie. While there's always room for more good golf games, ProStroke Golf - World Tour 2007 from Gusto Games doesn't fit the bill. The core gameplay isn't bad, but the lack of distinguishing features, painfully slow pace of play, and paltry list of licensed pros make ProStroke Golf an underwhelming effort.  
  Star Fox 64 Virtual Console Review
,  If you're too young to have properly experienced the SNES or N64 eras, you might wonder why anyone would have any sort of fond memories of the Star Fox series. And that's understandable. If all anyone had to go on was Star Fox Adventures and Star Fox: Assault, it'd be pretty easy to dismiss this franchise altogether. However, now that Star Fox 64 is available for download on the Wii Virtual Console, you can now discover precisely why this series imbues people with such loving nostalgia. As tends to be the case with Virtual Console games, Star Fox 64 can't avoid feeling archaic, but as old as it is, it still provides a surprisingly good, albeit simplistic, aerial shoot-'em-up experience.  
  Virtua Tennis 3 Review
,  Sega's tennis series has had a multitude of names over the years: Virtua Tennis, Power Smash, and Sega Sports Tennis. While the names may differ depending on location and year, the games have always been easy to pick up and play and hard to put down. Virtua Tennis 3 is a great game that holds true to that winning formula. There are some new minigames, and the career mode has been fleshed out, but it's clear that the developers were focused on refining the gameplay rather than reinventing it.  
  SingStar Pop Review
,  Sony finally brought the long-running, European-produced SingStar karaoke franchise to North America last fall with 
  Super Ghouls 'N Ghosts Review
,  Regardless of whether it went under the name Ghouls 'N Ghosts or Ghosts 'N Goblins, one of the defining characteristics of Capcom's playfully macabre 2D side-scroller has been a hair-singeing level of difficulty. Super Ghouls 'N Ghosts for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System is arguably the hardest game in the entire series, a trait that can lead to either demoralizing frustration or a supreme sense of satisfaction, depending on your feelings toward unbridled masochism. There's no denying the constantly inventive gameplay design or the quality production values, but Super Ghouls 'N Ghosts is a seriously tough game that's not for everyone.  
  Brian Lara International Cricket 2007 Review
,  Just as EA's Cricket 07 was released late last year to capitalise on the then-upcoming Ashes Series, Ricky Ponting International Cricket 2007 (or Brian Lara International Cricket 2007, if you live in the UK), from UK developer Codemasters, is being unleashed right in the middle of another major tournament: the ICC Cricket World Cup currently being held in the West Indies. The timing is apt, and not only because of the game's official World Cup licence. With its focus on easy playability and simple controls, International Cricket 2007 certainly feels more like the limited overs version of the sport--quick, exciting, and with a focus on big hits and high scores. The game's lack of comprehensive Test Match or Tour options as well as real player names only appearing in the World Cup mode may irk cricket tragics, but others looking for a more accessible game to play with friends will find plenty to enjoy.  
  Pogo Island Review
,  EA's Pogo.com has been a major player in the casual-social games scene on the PC for years, and a little slice of that success is now available on the Nintendo DS with Pogo Island. This five-game collection includes a few games that can be played for free at Pogo.com, as well as several available only to subscribers of the premium Club Pogo service. For your $29.99, you get Poppit!, Word Whomp, Phlinx, Tri-Peaks Solitaire, and Squelchies, as well as a simple story mode and some limited multiplayer abilities. It's a good cross section of the types of games offered by the Web site, and the ability to transfer tokens won in Pogo Island to a Pogo.com account will likely appeal to those already enamored with the service. Based on what you get for the price, though, the games are neither numerous enough nor consistent enough in quality.  
  Enchanted Arms Review
,  Enchanted Arms is a role-playing game developed by From Software, a company best known for the long-running Armored Core series of mech sims. Taking a break from battling robots, From Software has developed a competent role-playing game that isn't overly impressive or memorable but is a capable representative for games of its type. As a result, it's a solid choice as the first Japanese-style role-playing game to appear on the PlayStation 3. The game sticks closely to the console role-playing template made popular by the Final Fantasy series, to the point that even the victory music that plays after each battle sounds eerily familiar. Androgynous characters, melodramatic plotlines, random encounters, and ridiculously overblown battles form the basis of Enchanted Arms, and if you have any previous experience with this type of game, you'll feel like you've seen it all before. Despite that, if you give it plenty of time, you'll find that Enchanted Arms is still worth playing if you have any interest in role-playing games.   
  After Burner: Black Falcon Review
,  While it might be lacking the imposing and immersive arcade machine most commonly associated with the After Burner name, After Burner: Black Falcon delivers a spiritually faithful arcade action experience on the PlayStation Portable. This is not an ambitious game. The gameplay is stripped-down and single-minded; the single-player mode is short; and the competitive multiplayer is disposable. But what it lacks in high-minded aspiration, it makes up for with a zeal for explosive, high-speed action.  
  TMNT Review
,  There sure hasn't been a shortage of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles video games over the years. Unfortunately, while companies have steadily produced new games featuring Leo, Don, Raph, and Mike, most of them have lacked that special magic that Konami achieved with its old arcade games, particularly the seminal Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time. Ubisoft has just published a new batch of games to coincide with the latest TMNT movie. The good news is that one of them, the Game Boy Advance game, is an all-out blast that touches many of the same pleasure nerves that those classic arcade games used to. TMNT on the GBA doesn't slow the tempo with silly puzzles or frustrating platform-jumping sections. Instead, it's a pure, fast-paced brawler that lets you go wild beating on bad guys and bosses with a healthy variety of exaggerated martial arts moves. And, thanks to the eye-popping graphics and catchy audio, the game is as much fun to see and hear as it is to play.  
  Earth Defense Force 2017 Review
,  Imagine a wholly simplistic shooter that lets you carry two weapons into battle, pilot clunky vehicles to do extra damage, collect two-dimensional armor and weapon power-ups, and fight off hordes of giant alien bugs, robots, and UFOs, while also blasting away the occasional comically massive boss for good measure. Can you guess what decade this game could be from? The answer might surprise you. D3 and developer Sandlot Games' Earth Defense Force 2017 is like a game out of time. If this were 1987 instead of 2007, some company like Data East or Irem would have churned this baby out on the NES or Sega Master System as a scrolling or top-down shooter with then-gigantic enemies that blew apart to pixelated messes. Now, fast-forward 20 years, render that same concept in 3D, scale all the creepy-crawly and mechanized enemies up by somewhere around 300-fold, and then don't touch the gameplay mechanics a lick except to throw in an awkward dodge maneuver, and you've got yourself Earth Defense Force 2017. Of course, the incredible scale of the bugs, buildings, and bots you're blowing up helps alleviate somewhat the sensation that you have no business playing a game that feels this ancient on the Xbox 360, but even with its overly old-school mechanics, Earth Defense Force 2017 is a surprisingly good time--especially for its cheaper-than-average price.  
  Bio-Hazard Battle Review
,  Of the many games Sega published in 1992, the company brought out two horizontal-scrolling shoot-'em-ups for the Sega Genesis. One of them was Lightning Force, which already had a fan base hungrily awaiting its release. The other was Bio-Hazard Battle. Bio-Hazard Battle didn't sell very well, and many shooter fans missed an opportunity to play a game they probably would've enjoyed. The game apes the formula laid out by Gradius and R-Type with generally solid results, and its creepy-crawly creatures give the game an atmosphere that's quite different from typical futuristic shoot-'em-ups. Now that Bio-Hazard Battle is available for the Wii's Virtual Console, perhaps more shooter fans will take the time to discover its finer points.  
  Genesis Rising: The Universal Crusade Review
,  Bugs are the big story in Genesis Rising: The Universal Crusade, an action real-time strategy game with a twist from Metamorf Studios. But it's not quite what you might think. The game has some serious performance issues, like sound drops and crashes to the desktop, but in addition to these technical bugs, the game itself is all about space bugs. Unfortunately, the technical issues will stop you from enjoying your time with the space bugs, since the game not only has performance problems, it also has a flawed interface. You'll probably end up wanting to exterminate Genesis Rising from your hard drive like it was an infestation of cockroaches.  
  Armored Core 4 Review
,  Mech games come in two varieties. You've got the West's MechWarrior tradition, characterized by hulking, barbaric monstrosities, and the East's Gundam or Macross tradition, characterized by lithe and agile bots. With the release of Chromehounds last year, From Software seems to want to corner the mech market, offering the best of the East and the West. And with Chromehounds accommodating the grognard sect, it seems only natural that Armored Core's already booster-engine-friendly action would transition out of that market in favor of the fast-paced arcade-style experience. In many ways, Armored Core 4 trims the fat from the series, removing or toning down some of the interesting but not particularly well-executed aspects of the game. But to compensate, the developers layered on a heaping helping of butter by ramping up the intensity and action, as well as simplifying the mech-building process. However you cook it, Armored Core 4 offers a delightfully unhealthy amount of mech-busting fun.  
  Puzzle Quest Review
,  For as often as developers attempt to marry distinct game genres hoping for a peanut-butter-and-chocolate-like result, they usually come out more peanut-butter-and-onion. Infinite Interactive's Puzzle Quest is one of the rare exceptions, and the way in which it integrates familiar puzzle gameplay into a traditional Japanese RPG format makes for an experience that is far greater than the sum of its parts. The way these disparate elements play off each other helps make it an incredibly difficult game to put down, and it finds a smart balance between accessibility, challenge, and variety that makes it an easy game to recommend to just about anyone.  
  Armored Core 4 Review
,  Mech games come in two varieties. You've got the West's MechWarrior tradition, characterized by hulking, barbaric monstrosities, and the East's Gundam or Macross tradition, characterized by lithe and agile bots. With the release of Chromehounds last year, From Software seems to want to corner the mech market, offering the best of the East and the West. And with Chromehounds accommodating the grognard sect, it seems only natural that Armored Core's already booster-engine-friendly action would transition out of that market in favor of the fast-paced arcade-style experience. In many ways, Armored Core 4 trims the fat from the series, removing or toning down some of the interesting but not particularly well-executed aspects of the game. But to compensate, the developers layered on a heaping helping of butter by ramping up the intensity and action, as well as simplifying the mech-building process. However you cook it, Armored Core 4 offers a delightfully unhealthy amount of mech-busting fun.  
  Kororinpa: Marble Mania Review
,  Kororinpa is a marble-in-a-maze game that requires you to tilt the world around with the Wii Remote to move a marble around, collecting gems as you make your way to the exit. It feels like a stripped-down take on Sega's Super Monkey Ball series, with simple and pleasing graphics but not a lot of variety. While players with steady hands might enjoy what Kororinpa has to offer, it doesn't offer enough of it, making it feel as if it's about half a game.  
  Puzzle Quest Review
,  For as often as developers attempt to marry distinct game genres hoping for a peanut-butter-and-chocolate-like result, they usually come out more peanut-butter-and-onion. Infinite Interactive's Puzzle Quest is one of the rare exceptions, and the way in which it integrates familiar puzzle gameplay into a traditional Japanese RPG format makes for an experience that is far greater than the sum of its parts. The way these disparate elements play off each other helps make it an incredibly difficult game to put down, and it finds a smart balance between accessibility, challenge, and variety that makes it an easy game to recommend to just about anyone.  
  New Adventure Island Review
,  If you've been looking through the Virtual Console lineup in search of a side-scroller that plays more like Sonic the Hedgehog than Super Mario Bros., then the TurboGrafx-16 version of New Adventure Island may be right for you. It combines running, jumping, and shooting into an action romp that's fast-paced and challenging. The game is a throwback to the simpler times of the mid to late 1980s in that its brief levels mainly test your ability to hit the jump and shoot buttons within an instant.  
  Steel Horizon Review
,  Steel Horizon is a naval "strategy" game put out by Konami for the Nintendo DS. However, there really isn't much strategy involved. In fact, there really isn't much of anything to this game at all, as it's painfully straightforward, often unwieldy, and utterly dull. Other than a decent storyline, fans of turn-based strategy games will find little to like, and much to loathe, about Steel Horizon.  
  Legend of Kage Review
,  Now that the Nintendo Entertainment System version of The Legend of Kage is available for the Wii's Virtual Console, you can experience the same sinking feeling that players felt within minutes of powering up the cartridge 20 years ago. After you press the start button, a brief noninteractive scene introduces the story. Apparently, it's the Edo period in Japan, a princess has been kidnapped by a warlord, and you've been hired to rescue her. So, with your trusty sword and an endless supply of throwing knives, you set out to fight your way through multiple levels of a dojo that's populated by other ninjas bent on killing you. Once the cinematic is over, you're thrown right into the game. It's all downhill from that point.  
  Lost in Blue 2 Review
,  The original Lost in Blue was a tedious but interesting look at life on a deserted island. It was also better as a stand-alone game, which is apparent in its sequel, Lost in Blue 2. It features several new activities like diving and archery, but it's also heavier on the monotony. The whole "survival of the fittest" idea is great for a game, but the two castaways you must rescue are hardly self-reliant, and the resulting micromanagement negates a lot of the enjoyment.   
  Sherlock Holmes: The Awakened Review
,  If Sir Arthur Conan Doyle and H.P. Lovecraft had ever collaborated on a novel, the duo might have come up with a spooky saga a lot like Sherlock Holmes: The Awakened. This adventure, the third in Frogwares Game Development Company's series featuring the protagonist of such classic mysteries as 
  Konami Classics Series: Arcade Hits Review
,  Konami's history goes way back to the late '60s, but the company first started to attract real attention in the '80s with a healthy list of arcade games that seeded the ground for its eventual expansion into console game development. While plenty of those arcade hits have been released in various forms elsewhere, now the Nintendo DS is getting a stout compilation of 15 games from Konami's past. The games feel pretty accurate, though the screen size of the Nintendo DS leaves a lot of the games looking a little squashed.  
  Major League Baseball 2K7 Review
,  Ever since the Nintendo DS came out, baseball fans have been waiting patiently for a company to make a baseball video game for Nintendo's dual-screen portable system. Unfortunately, now that 2K Games has finally done so, the feeling you're most likely to experience as you start playing Major League Baseball 2K7 isn't one of joy or relief. Instead, your mood will probably turn to disappointment and regret as you realize that the game lacks basic features like trades and a season mode, the control mechanics and visible action deliver only a vague approximation the sport, and the crude graphics are a throwback to games people were playing on 8- and 16-bit systems more than a decade ago.   
  Silent Hunter: Wolves of the Pacific Review
,  Famed designer Sid Meier established and defined the submarine simulation 22 years ago with the classic Silent Service. Although the genre has seen better days, it continues to plug along thanks to Ubisoft's solid Silent Hunter series. 2005's Silent Hunter III was the last release in the series and let you captain a German U-boat in the Atlantic during World War II. Now with Silent Hunter 4: Wolves of the Pacific, you play as an American submarine skipper battling against Japan. In many ways, Silent Hunter 4 doesn't veer too far from the formula found in Silent Service and is a faithful successor to that seminal game.  
  Tetris Evolution Review
,  Do you like Tetris? Would you be willing to pay $30 to play Tetris on the Xbox 360? This is pretty much the sole consideration when deciding if Tetris Evolution is right for you. The single-player and multiplayer options are solid yet predictable, and the game's got all the personality of a screensaver. If 22 years of Tetris have left you tired of the formula, Tetris Evolution will do very little to reignite your passion for this classic Russian mind-bender. It's not a bad package, but it's hard to get excited about. For better or for worse, it's still Tetris.  
  Frontline: Fields of Thunder Review
,  One thing's for sure--Nival Interactive sticks to what it knows. Though the Russian developer regularly branches out to develop games like Heroes of Might and Magic V, it always seems to return to its WWII RTS bread and butter. So get ready to welcome Frontline: Fields of Thunder to a retail shelf near you. But don't let the new name fool you: This is really just another release in Nival's long-running Blitzkrieg series, complete with all the cookie-cutter town invasions and ridiculously hard missions that have marked that entire franchise.  
  Splatterhouse Review
,  Namco's late-'80s slasher game, Splatterhouse, is now available for download and play on the Wii's Virtual Console. However, before you rush off to spend 600 Wii points ($6) on it, you may want to consider that it's the TurboGrafx-16 version, which is considerably less bloody and gruesome than the arcade version that you probably remember seeing back in the day. Furthermore, Splatterhouse is the kind of simplistic, repetitive beat-'em-up that you'll play for about 15 minutes before moving on to something else.  
  Blazing Angels: Squadrons of WWII Review
,  Blazing Angels has been appearing on consoles for a year now, starting with the March 2006 release of the Xbox 360 version. After a full year, Ubisoft has finally gotten around to releasing what appears to be the final version of Blazing Angels, the Wii version. It uses the Wii's motion-sensing control capabilities in a few different ways, though none of them ever feel quite right. When you combine that with the game's lackluster graphical performance, you get a WWII flight combat game that comes up short across the board.  
  UEFA Champions League 2006-2007 Review
,  Judging by how many soccer games are currently available for the Xbox 360, you'd think that soccer was by far the most popular sport in North America. EA alone has already released two FIFA games and one World Cup game, and now there's one more to add to the list: UEFA Champions League 2006-2007. The core game isn't vastly different from any of EA's other soccer games, and the Champions League license will do little to excite most North American players, but the game does introduce the concept of collecting and trading player cards. This unique feature is so addictive that it alone is a good reason to check out UEFA Champions League, even if you do own other 360 soccer games.  
  Wing Island Review
,  Casual games are big business, and they're certainly an area Nintendo is looking to expand into with its made-for-everyone Wii. Developed by Hudson, best known for its Bomberman and Mario Party line of games, Wing Island has that crowd in its crosshairs. Unfortunately, it forgot to put ammunition in its guns and equip the guns to the plane, which itself is too slow to make a difference anyway. Really, it seems like Wing Island is just pointing a crosshair, hoping its target will come crashing into it.  
  Full Auto 2: Battlelines Review
,  The Full Auto series has produced two lackluster console games that at least had a hook to them: When things didn't go your way, you could rewind time a bit and attempt to get it right the second time around. Full Auto 2: Battlelines is now available on the PSP, but it doesn't have that hook to it. Without the ability to rewind time, which, granted, never really worked well in the first place, this PSP game is just a generic-looking and poor-playing combat racing game that has very little appeal to it.  
  Cooking Mama: Cook Off Review
,  Late last year, Majesco brought us Cooking Mama for the DS. A collection of cooking-themed minigames, Cooking Mama was a game that made great use of the DS's touch-screen technology but, unfortunately, failed to find a way to structure its various cooking games into something compelling over the long haul. Now, Cooking Mama has found its way to the Wii in Cooking Mama: Cook Off, and that same primary criticism holds true here as well. However, far worse an issue is that the added motion-sensing controls aren't nearly as engaging as the control scheme used on the DS, nor are they reliably responsive. And to top it all off, while the game adds a multiplayer component to the package, it hardly justifies a full $50 price tag for a game that is ultimately shallow and kind of boring after a couple of hours of play.  
  TMNT Review
,  Ubisoft has published a gaggle of TMNT video games to coincide with the release of the latest feature film. While they all vary in quality, the games made for the Nintendo DS and Sony PSP are undoubtedly the worst of the bunch. Both games are virtually identical, apart from the fact that the PSP version has better graphics. The story delivers plenty of fan service for those who have seen the current movie, but the game as a whole suffers from a myriad of problems. The context-sensitive design focuses mainly on pressing buttons in response to prompts, while the few combat situations you end up in are just simplistic exercises in repeatedly pressing a single attack button. On top of that, the graphics and audio aren't that good. This is especially true of the Nintendo DS version in which the 3D environments are often incomprehensible.  
  TMNT Review
,  Ubisoft has published a gaggle of TMNT video games to coincide with the release of the latest feature film. While they all vary in quality, the games made for the Nintendo DS and Sony PSP are undoubtedly the worst of the bunch. Both games are virtually identical, apart from the fact that the PSP version has better graphics. The story delivers plenty of fan service for those who have seen the current movie, but the game as a whole suffers from a myriad of problems. The context-sensitive design focuses mainly on pressing buttons in response to prompts, while the few combat situations you end up in are just simplistic exercises in repeatedly pressing a single attack button. On top of that, the graphics and audio aren't that good. This is especially true of the Nintendo DS version in which the 3D environments are often incomprehensible.  
  Tortuga - Two Treasures Review
,  Sid Meier has nothing to worry about. Even though Tortuga - Two Treasures is modeled after Meier's Pirates! remake from 2004, the game is a poor copy in every respect. Where Meier's take on the yo-ho-ho life was filled with open-ended adventures on the high seas, this Ascaron Entertainment production is burdened with dull, linear missions that take the wind right out of your Jolly Roger. Ship-to-ship combat is somewhat exciting due to some fresh options to set and trim sails, but everything else is tedious, poorly designed, or both.  
  Custom Robo Arena Review
,  In the future there will be battling robots. Not like the ones assembled from scrapped power tools by weekend engineers, either. Robots will be tiny, fully customizable, collectible machines that fight in holographic arenas. There will be robots for everyone, from schoolchildren to police officers, and robot battles will be a constant fixture in everyday life. At least, that's what the future is like in Nintendo's latest DS game, Custom Robo Arena. This future looks bright, because Custom Robo Arena is an addictive game that will keep you entertained for hours.   
  GTI Racer Review
,  When you think of the pinnacle of motorsport excellence, which automobile companies come to mind? Ferrari, Mercedes, Chevrolet? Only if you page through the list a bit further will you come to Volkswagen, a company known more for its marketing slogans than its history of racing success. That said, the Volkswagen company has inspired the maker of GTI Racer to create a racing game based solely around the family-friendly brand. While fans of the VW line will likely be pleased with a pretty comprehensive lineup of Volkswagen makes and models, the actual racing in this game leaves much to be desired.  
  College Hoops 2K7 Review
,  Just in time for the tip-off of March Madness, 2K Sports has released College Hoops 2K7 for the PlayStation 3. People who don't follow college hoops may dismiss the game as little more than NBA 2K7 with a different coat of paint, but it's really much more. Sure, there are similarities, and both titles share the same game engine, but it's the little things that separate the two: The best season-ending tournament in all of sports, raucous crowds with crazy student sections, pep bands blaring fight songs, average players who can sometimes dig deep for a special performance, and coaches who actually teach are just a few of the many differences between the two games. College Hoops 2K7 does a great job capturing the look and feel of college basketball. It would have been nice were it released a little earlier in the season, but if you haven't picked up a college basketball game yet, College Hoops 2K7 is a great choice.  
  Titan Quest: Immortal Throne Review
,  THQ and Iron Lore embraced the violent side of Greek mythology with last year's Titan Quest, a hack-and-slash role-playing game that charged you, as an anonymous Greek hero, with the task of combating the treacherous elder gods who had escaped their Olympian prison. While it was rife with mythological creatures and locales, it took more than a few cues from Diablo, the mother of all hack-and-slash RPGs. There are far worse games you could choose to crib from, but despite the game's sharp presentation, there were certain aspects of Titan Quest that felt unnecessarily antiquated. Titan Quest: Immortal Throne is an expansion pack that features an all-new high-level campaign with plenty of fresh gear, and it's a no-brainer for fans of the original. It also addresses some of the more cumbersome aspects of the original Titan Quest, simultaneously making that game more appealing to newcomers.  
  QuickSpot Review
,  How much fun can you have looking at two pictures and spotting the subtle differences between them? You'd best hope the answer to that question is "a whole heck of a bunch" if you plan to invest in Namco Bandai's QuickSpot for the DS. It's just about the simplest premise in the world, revolving exclusively around variations on the aforementioned descriptor. Sometimes the images animate, sometimes they're upside down, and sometimes there are multiple differences between the same two images, but the underlying concept remains the same all throughout. At least QuickSpot won't cost you much, and it does have some reasonably solid multiplayer. But once you've played for a couple of hours and blasted through the bulk of the game's available images, you'll have had your fill.  
  Knights of the Temple II Review
,  After playing Knights of the Temple II, it's hard to believe that the first game in the series could have been popular enough to inspire such a frustrating sequel. Insane bugs, broken missions, and impossibly stupid controls will make you want to bash your head against your keyboard in disgust. Quality assurance went out the window on this game, which is too bad, because there's some fun combat and nifty boss encounters buried underneath the annoyances. Sadly, you have to wade through a lot of muck to get to the enjoyable parts.  
  Tecmo Bowl Review
,  With Madden growing more complex with every passing year, it's not uncommon to hear older players yearning for the old days, when sports games had just a couple of buttons, yet were still fun. One such game was Tecmo Bowl, a game that seems almost absurdly simple today but was impressive for its time, thanks to its roster of real players and limited selection of plays. Though the licensed players are gone, the game is still quite a bit of fun, and thanks to the Wii's Virtual Console, you can see what all of the fuss is about for just five dollars.   
  Inuyasha: Secret of the Divine Jewel Review
,  It doesn't matter whether you follow the 
  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Review
,  Just in time for the brand-new CG-animated Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles flick hitting theaters, Turtles nostalgia has hit the Xbox Live Arcade in the form of the titular arcade beat-'em-up classic. In a rare showing of marketing synergies, Ubisoft, the current Turtles license holder, copublished this rerelease with Konami, the original maker of the game. Throw in emulation wizards Digital Eclipse to make this game work again, and what you've got is a faithful update of TMNT (original music and voice acting included), with online, four-player cooperative play. Of course, the big question, as is the case with any of these games, is the game every bit as great as the impossible ideal that nostalgic fans remember? The answer is no--like so many other classic arcade games, this one hasn't aged all that gracefully, but that doesn't mean the game isn't still fun in a lot of respects.  
  Spectrobes Review
,  Billed as Disney's first original video game-only intellectual property, Spectrobes has been brewing for several months now as a series of short, full-CG animated webisodes, which can be found on Disney's Web site or your local video-sharing site. Each of the six episodes is about two minutes long--you can go check them out now, we'll wait. Perhaps indicative of Mickey's plunge from Steamboat Willie to the glamorized little rodent he is today, and as you'll plainly observe from the webisodes, Spectrobes lacks the charm you'd expect from a game built around collecting and fighting with cute and/or imposing creatures. Further, the painfully tedious task of searching out these creatures, coupled with the different, though ultimately cumbersome, battle system and the unimaginative story, means Spectrobes is mostly just a boring game.  
  Sword of Vermilion Review
,  Sword of Vermilion was one of the first role-playing games released for the Sega Genesis, and as such, it gets a lot more credit than it deserves. It's a tedious, ugly, and frustrating game in most respects, but at the time of its release in 1990, there weren't many games like it for Sega's then-new console. Now close to 20 years later, Sword of Vermilion is available on the Wii Virtual Console for the price of 800 points or $8. That's a steep price for an unremarkable game, which most people have either forgotten or never heard of in the first place.  
  Battlefield 2142: Northern Strike Review
,  With Battlefield 2142: Northern Strike, EA and DICE continue the trend of adding "booster packs" to their popular multiplayer action franchise. Booster packs aren't large enough to be traditional expansion packs, but these relatively inexpensive ($9.99) downloadable additions offer up a small collection of maps and goodies to an audience that's usually voracious for new content. Northern Strike represents the first Battlefield 2142 booster (Battlefield 2 had two), and its three new maps, added vehicles, and one brand-new gameplay mode are a welcome addition to the core game.  
  Elevator Action Review
,  While it was groundbreaking for its time and is considered a classic arcade game, Elevator Action has always been one of those games that either hooks you or leaves you confused as to why anyone would waste more than a single quarter to play it. The game had you making your way to the bottom of a skyscraper while shooting and kicking gangsters in black suits. The mature premise and then-innovative gunplay enticed many people to slide a quarter into the arcade cabinet or to purchase a cartridge for play at home. Unfortunately, the honeymoon was short-lived for some players. The act of descending the same building over and over and repeatedly shooting the same bad guys could sap a person's attention span in about five minutes. Now that the NES version of Elevator Action is available for the Wii's Virtual Console, a whole new generation can experience this game that people either love or hate.  
  Top Spin 2 Review
,  PAM Development delivered a high-quality game of tennis when it originally brought Top Spin 2 to the Xbox 360 a year ago. It wasn't particularly revolutionary, but it offered a flexible character creation system, a playful career mode, first-rate production values, and most importantly, some of the sharpest, most nuanced tennis action to be found anywhere. Aspyr has now brought Top Spin 2 to the PC, and although most of what made the Xbox 360 version great remains applicable here, the passing of time and some sloppiness in the translation make it a less impressive package all around.  
  Sonic Spinball Review
,  Back when Sonic the Hedgehog was the hottest mascot around, people would constantly write letters to enthusiast magazines begging Sega to produce a pinball game done in the same style as the Spring Yard and Casino Night zones from the first two Sonic games. Executives at Sega listened, and in 1993, the company released Sonic Spinball for the Sega Genesis. Sonic fans rushed to bring the game home, but they soon discovered that it was nothing like their favorite zones from the traditional Sonic games. However, of those who played through their initial shock, many grew to like the unique twist on pinball that Sega concocted. Fourteen years later and 40 dollars cheaper, Sega has made Sonic Spinball available for play on the Wii's virtual console.     
  The Sacred Rings Review
,  More of a rehashing of Aura: Fate of the Ages than a sequel, The Sacred Rings is yet another Myst knockoff aimed solely at adventure gamers with a high tolerance for frustration. This Streko-Graphics game is deeply difficult and overflowing with excruciatingly obtuse puzzles based on the same sort of surreal contraptions that were introduced by Atreus back in 1995. However, like its predecessor, and unlike much of the Myst series, The Sacred Rings lacks a well-developed plot and interesting characters, which makes it tough to summon up much enthusiasm for trudging through this airless collection of brainteasers.  
  Call of Duty: Roads to Victory Review
,  Medal of Honor and Brothers in Arms have already found their way to the PlayStation Portable, so it was only a matter of time before Activision's WWII-based first-person shooter series Call of Duty made the trek to Sony's handheld. First-person shooters have had a hit-or-miss track record on the PSP, but for the most part, they've been misses. Chalk another one up for the "miss" column with Call of Duty: Roads to Victory. It's entertaining for a few levels, but it quickly grows dull thanks to predictable, uninspired gameplay and a smattering of game-crashing bugs.  
  Burnout Dominator Review
,  The Burnout series has added and subtracted plenty of features over the past few years by continually adjusting and refining its hard-driving formula from iteration to iteration. Burnout Dominator isn't a proper sequel for the series, because Burnout 5 is currently in development for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Instead, Burnout Dominator takes bits and pieces of the driving mechanics and features from the past Burnout games and brings them together in a new way. The result is a slightly more skill-based racing game than the more combative approach taken in the last couple of games in the series, but the changes are slight enough that anyone looking for a high-speed racing game should find Burnout Dominator enjoyable.  
  Burnout Dominator Review
,  The Burnout series has added and subtracted plenty of features over the past few years by continually adjusting and refining its hard-driving formula from iteration to iteration. Burnout Dominator isn't a proper sequel for the series, because Burnout 5 is currently in development for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. Instead, Burnout Dominator takes bits and pieces of the driving mechanics and features from the past Burnout games and brings them together in a new way. The result is a slightly more skill-based racing game than the more combative approach taken in the last couple of games in the series, but the changes are slight enough that anyone looking for a high-speed racing game should find Burnout Dominator enjoyable.  
  Monster Kingdom: Jewel Summoner Review
,  Monster Kingdom: Jewel Summoner is a slightly darker take on the collectible-creature formula made popular by the Pokémon games. But while the monsters are a bit more imposing and the characters are a bit less clothed, Jewel Summoner certainly isn't mature in any sense. It's a bland role-playing game wrapped around a compelling, if unoriginal, creature-collection system. The greatest shortcoming of Jewel Summoner isn't its dull story, dearth of character, or lifeless world. Rather, the most nagging issue is the extremely slow progression of the game and a very poor action-to-dialogue ratio. If you can forgive those problems, you'll find several hours of passable entertainment in Jewel Summoner.  
  Runaway: The Dream of the Turtle Review
,  A blast from the past in more ways than one, Runaway: The Dream of the Turtle is both a sequel to the little-known Runaway: A Road Adventure from 2003 and a modernized take on the golden age of Sierra and LucasArts adventures. So don't expect much in the way of innovation from this wacky road comedy, which plays out like a standard point-and-click adventure complete with regular pixel hunts and the usual assortment of frustrating puzzles. The Pendulo Studios game is noteworthy for its distinct, cartoon graphics and teenybopper attitude, but these somewhat debatable pluses just drag the game across the border that separates the flatly mediocre from the occasionally entertaining.  
  Major League Baseball 2K7 Review
,  It's not often that the handheld version of a game feels like it received more attention than from its developer than the console version, but from time to time it does happen. Consider the PSP version of MLB 2K7 to be one such oddity. Like the PlayStation 2 and Xbox iterations, it's a good game and not much different than last year's, but the menus have been improved and it runs a bit smoother. And unlike the player ratings on the PS2 and Xbox versions, the ratings here aren't all out of whack.   
  Alien Shooter: Vengeance Review
,  Painfully generic name notwithstanding, Alien Shooter: Vengeance is no Brand X game. That title is both blah and misleading, as this Sigma Team effort is actually a gung-ho retro take on the action-packed isometric shooter genre that had a brief moment in the sun about a decade ago, not the second-rate FPS that the box cover implies. The game may be a little too self-consciously old-school for some, but the action is so fast, furious, and blithely bloody that it's hard to resist getting swept up in the carnage.  
  Major League Baseball 2K7 Review
,  Thanks to games like MLB 2K7 on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox it's no wonder sports games are often criticized as being little more than roster updates. Actually, MLB 2K7 can't be to blame, because even the rosters aren't as up to date as they should be. The game plays virtually the same as it did last year, which means there's still a good game of baseball to be found; but other than some minor tweaks here and there, this is the same game you played last year.  
  Major League Baseball 2K7 Review
,  Thanks to games like MLB 2K7 on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox it's no wonder sports games are often criticized as being little more than roster updates. Actually, MLB 2K7 can't be to blame, because even the rosters aren't as up to date as they should be. The game plays virtually the same as it did last year, which means there's still a good game of baseball to be found; but other than some minor tweaks here and there, this is the same game you played last year.  
  Worms Review
,  The past few years have been tough for the Worms franchise. This delightfully violent strategy series started off as a PC game in 1995, though by the time it reached its fourth iteration in 2001 with Worms World Party, its simple 2D presentation style had already fallen far out of favor. It seemed that series developer Team17 was strong-armed into taking the series into 3D by market forces, and though they had their moments, the 3D Worms games always seemed like a compromise. Xbox Live Arcade has proven to be an ideal venue for games that can't quite justify a retail box on a store shelf in today's cutthroat game business, and it's genuinely heartening to see Worms return to its 2D roots. Worms is a sharp-looking game, and though they're small, the worms themselves are surprisingly emotive. The core gameplay of antagonistic annelids still holds up nicely, too. The biggest problem with Worms on XBLA is that it lacks the back catalog of weapons, background themes, and voice packs that the series built up in its original 2D heyday.  
  F24: Stealth Fighter Review
,  F24 Stealth Fighter was clearly inspired by such classic air combat games as F-15 Strike Eagle and Turn and Burn: No Fly Zone. In the game, you climb into the cockpit of the fictional F24 fighter jet and fly missions from a first-person viewpoint in the skies over Iran. Unfortunately, the main thing F24 Stealth Fighter has in common with the air combat games of days gone by is that it looks and sounds like it was developed decades ago. Along with that, the dogfighting in the game is boring and is further stymied by the touchy controls and the disorienting visuals.  
  F24: Stealth Fighter Review
,  F24 Stealth Fighter was clearly inspired by such classic air combat games as F-15 Strike Eagle and Turn and Burn: No Fly Zone. In the game, you climb into the cockpit of the fictional F24 fighter jet and fly missions from a first-person viewpoint in the skies over Iran. Unfortunately, the main thing F24 Stealth Fighter has in common with the air combat games of days gone by is that it looks and sounds like it was developed decades ago. Along with that, the dogfighting in the game is boring and is further stymied by the touchy controls and the disorienting visuals.  
  Ristar Review
,  Legend has it that when Yuji Naka and his pals on Sega's Sonic Team were sketching out ideas for the character that would eventually become Sonic the Hedgehog, one of the first concepts involved a rabbit that could grab enemies and slingshot its body into them. The rabbit didn't quite fit in Sonic's fast-paced world, but a few years down the line and after numerous Sonic the Hedgehog sequels, some people at Sega decided to transform the character into a star-headed alien and give it its own game. Ristar, as the character and game are known, came out in 1995 for the Sega Genesis and is widely regarded as one of the system's best side-scrolling action romps. Not many people took the time to play Ristar back then, but thankfully, everyone has another shot to play this 16-bit gem now that it is available for download and play on the Wii's Virtual Console.  
  NBA Street Homecourt Review
,  When the original NBA Street hit the scene in 2001, it took the over-the-top basketball formula established by the NBA Jam series to the next level. Since then, enormous rim-rocking dunks, intentional fouls, and blatant goaltending have been a part of nearly every play. Rather than simply adding more content and possibly making the latest game in the Street series too complex, developer EA Canada has trimmed the fat and focused almost entirely on simplifying and perfecting the gameplay. NBA Street Homecourt is easier than ever to pick up and play, and almost all of the new moves and dunks are fantastic, but because of a shallow career mode and a limited number of other gameplay modes, there aren't enough ways to enjoy it.  
  Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories Review
,  We're up to two Grand Theft Auto games on the PSP, and as of now, both have become PlayStation 2 games not terribly long after the handheld version's release. Vice City Stories, the most recently updated of the two, follows a similar side-story formula. Vice City Stories improves upon some of the flaws found in the first game, not the least of which is improved length and direction, as well as a great deal more personality. The story's still pretty subpar, though, and as much as this is very much Grand Theft Auto, certain conventions of the series are starting to feel a bit antiquated. Additionally, much as was the case with Liberty City Stories' transition to the PS2, Vice City Stories loses a lot of its appeal when played on a console versus the PSP. Still, it's only $20, and if you don't own a PSP or just never got around to playing it upon its original release, this isn't a bad way to go if you absolutely, positively must get your GTA fix.  
  MLB 07: The Show Review
,  Thanks to Sony's dubious track record when it comes to first-party sports games, its excellent MLB series hasn't always received the recognition it deserves. But after the outstanding MLB 06: The Show, people are taking notice of SCEA's yearly baseball efforts. MLB 07: The Show doesn't mess with success, and in many ways it feels like a slightly enhanced version of last year's game. However, its one big addition, road to the show, is a good one and offers a whole new way to progress through a professional baseball career. MLB 07: The Show is a great value if you're looking for a hardcore simulation or just want to play a few quick games here and there.  
  Samurai Warriors 2: Empires Review
,  Stop us if you've heard this one before. Once again those pesky ancient samurais are up to their usual warring shenanigans, and it's up to you to relive their past battles through a lot of completely boring combat and annoyingly acted cutscenes. Yep, it's another Samurai Warriors game from Koei. If you're out of the loop as to what this series, or any other of Koei's Warriors games, is about, just stop reading and know that you're not missing a whole heck of a lot. If you're a longtime fan of this series, or at least familiar with it, just know that Samurai Warriors 2: Empires does for the Samurai series what the Empires games did for the Dynasty Warriors games. It adds a whole strategy element to the otherwise nursing-home-ready gameplay, which actually makes it kind of fun to play. It doesn't stop the endlessly stupid button mashing from wearing on your nerves after a couple of hours, but it's certainly a much better option than Samurai Warriors 2 was sans the strategy elements.  
  Meteos: Disney Magic Review
,  It's tempting to write off the new edition of Meteos as a typically disastrous, Disneyfied sellout for Q Entertainment, the creator of Lumines and the original Meteos. But amazingly, Disney Magic doesn't take the easy way out and offers up a new way to play Meteos without messing with a successful formula. And for a game featuring unlockable Cinderella art, it's an incredible challenge, even if you're a stylus-scratching whiz. It's not quite as mesmerizing as its predecessor, but if you like puzzle games or are a fan of Disney films, Meteos: Disney Magic is a thoroughly enjoyable game with many hours of entertainment packed into its cartridge.   
  Samurai Warriors 2 Empires Review
,  Stop us if you've heard this one before. Once again those pesky ancient samurais are up to their usual warring shenanigans, and it's up to you to relive their past battles through a lot of completely boring combat and annoyingly acted cutscenes. Yep, it's another Samurai Warriors game from Koei. If you're out of the loop as to what this series, or any other of Koei's Warriors games, is about, just stop reading and know that you're not missing a whole heck of a lot. If you're a longtime fan of this series, or at least familiar with it, just know that Samurai Warriors 2: Empires does for the Samurai series what the Empires games did for the Dynasty Warriors games. It adds a whole strategy element to the otherwise nursing-home-ready gameplay, which actually makes it kind of fun to play. It doesn't stop the endlessly stupid button mashing from wearing on your nerves after a couple of hours, but it's certainly a much better option than Samurai Warriors 2 was sans the strategy elements.  
  MLB 07: The Show Review
,  The PSP isn't generally regarded as a hotbed for sports games, but there are a few series that have found success on the handheld, one of which is Sony's MLB series. MLB 07: The Show doesn't mess with success, and in many ways it feels like a slightly enhanced version of last year's game. However, its one big addition, road to the show, is a good one and offers a whole new way to progress through a professional baseball career. MLB 07: The Show is a great value if you're looking for a simulation or just want to play a few quick games here and there.  
  Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved Review
,  Geometry Wars is the dual-joystick shooter that launched at the same time as the Xbox 360 in 2005. It was a downloadable game for the console's Xbox Live Arcade service and went a long way in proving that digitally distributed games could work in a console environment. Of course, digital distribution and the PC go back like babies and pacifiers, so the newly released PC version of Geometry Wars: Retro Evolved isn't really breaking any new ground. It's still a quality arcade-like game that has a neat, stylized look to it, but it's also missing a lot of the bells and whistles found in the console version.  
  Marvel Trading Card Game Review
,  Upper Deck Entertainment, one of the more prominent purveyors of collectible trading-card games today, has teamed up with Konami to bring Upper Deck's Marvel-licensed TCG to the PlayStation Portable with the succinctly, if dryly, named Marvel Trading Card Game. It seems like a solid representation of Upper Deck's robust, flexible, and rather popular Vs. System Trading Card Game, and it packs a feature-rich online element that's already teeming with activity. As is the case with most digitized TCGs, it's not a particularly exciting game to watch. If you're not already knee-deep in the real-world Vs. System Trading Card Game, or other similarly advanced TCGs, it can be a confusing experience, as well.  
  Wario: Master of Disguise Review
,  With Wario: Master of Disguise, Nintendo has once again put one of its mascot characters in a game that emphasizes the use of the touch screen on the Nintendo DS. This time around, Wario takes center stage in a puzzle game that at first glance looks like a traditional side-scrolling platformer. However, the game isn't like any of the Wario Land games because jumping and pouncing take a back seat to figuring out the proper mix of abilities to get past the puzzling obstacles. These obstacles are so plentiful that levels often require 30 minutes to one hour to finish. This change in style is one reason fans aren't as likely to embrace Wario: Master of Disguise as strongly as Kirby: Canvas Curse. Another reason is that the touch screen doesn't enable you to do anything that couldn't just as easily have been accomplished by pushing a button; quite often, the touch-screen controls aren't as intuitive or accurate as pressing a button.  
  M.A.C.H. Modified Air Combat Heroes Review
,  If you think of M.A.C.H. as Mario Kart meets 
  Major League Baseball 2K7 Review
,  2K Sports' MLB 2K6 left a lot to be desired when it made its first appearance on the Xbox 360 last April. The game didn't take advantage of the system's power, and there were numerous bugs and problems that plagued the gameplay. With another year of development behind it, the series is back for another season on the Xbox 360 and making its first appearance on the PlayStation 3, too. The feature set hasn't changed much, but the presentation is outstanding and has been vastly improved. The gameplay has also been tightened up, and while there are some noticeable quirks, it's a solid game of baseball. The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions are mostly identical, though the PS3 version includes tilt-control support and a nasty frame rate. All in all, MLB 2K7 is a nice improvement over MLB 2K6 and well worth a look for any baseball fan.  
  Secrets of the Ark: A Broken Sword Game Review
,  Nine years after the debut of the Broken Sword series, and accidental adventurer George Stobbart is still getting into jams. The hero of one of the longest-running franchises in adventure gaming returns to delve into yet another of history's mysteries in Revolution Software's Secrets of the Ark (known in Europe as The Angel of Death). The game is a traditional point-and-click jaunt that doesn't break any new ground and has a few presentation problems, but it still reminds fans why they fell in love with these games in the first place. Great visuals, exotic backdrops, and a largely sensible lineup of brain twisters make this a must-play for anyone who likes adventures that follow the tried-and-true Sierra formula.  
  Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection Review
,  How does $20 sound for a practically arcade-perfect version of Tekken 5: Dark Resurrection? It's a pretty good deal, and it's going on now on the PlayStation 3. The game is now available as a downloadable product, which makes a good deal even better. While the arcade-port-like nature of it means that you won't get any of the weird extra modes you'd expect from Tekken on a home console, you will get a rock-solid fighting game that also looks great.  
  Military Madness Review
,  When Military Madness was originally published for the TurboGrafx-16 back in 1989, it was praised by critics but didn't sell all that well due to the system's inability to catch on in a market that was then dominated by Nintendo and Sega. It wasn't until Nintendo published Advance Wars for the Game Boy Advance in 2001 that console owners really noticed and took a liking to the military-themed, turn-based strategy genre. Now that the TurboGrafx-16 version of Military Madness is available for the Wii's Virtual Console, today's strategy buffs have the chance to discover what a few TG-16 owners already know: Military Madness was ahead of its time. The game offers the same sort of complex turn-based combat as Advance Wars but also does enough differently from Nintendo's franchise that it hasn't been rendered obsolete in the intervening years.   
  Major League Baseball 2K7 Review
,  2K Sports' MLB 2K6 left a lot to be desired when it made its first appearance on the Xbox 360 last April. The game didn't take advantage of the system's power, and there were numerous bugs and problems that plagued the gameplay. With another year of development behind it, the series is back for another season on the Xbox 360 and making its first appearance on the PlayStation 3, too. The feature set hasn't changed much, but the presentation is outstanding and has been vastly improved. The gameplay has also been tightened up, and while there are some noticeable quirks, it's a solid game of baseball. The PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 versions are mostly identical, though the PS3 version includes tilt-control support and a nasty frame rate. All in all, MLB 2K7 is a nice improvement over MLB 2K6 and well worth a look for any baseball fan.  
  War Front: Turning Point Review
,  After years of developers storming the beaches with a battalion full of WWII real-time strategy games, it's tough to even glance up when yet another one thuds into stores. Still, as Relic's fantastic Company of Heroes proved last year, not all WWII games are created equal. Now Digital Reality's War Front: Turning Point also dodges the WWII-as-sleep-inducing bullet, largely by starting with the usual Axis-versus-Allies premise and then serving up an alternative-history twist. This makes the story and setting about as historically accurate as those in the Command & Conquer series, although it's hard to care about little things like that when you've got aluminum zeppelins and flying jetpack Nazis blowing stuff up.  
  300: March to Glory Review
,  If you buy only one action game starring a Spartan warrior this year, don't make it 300: March to Glory. If you buy two, then maybe pay 300 a bit of consideration. Based on the upcoming Zack Snyder film (which is itself a retelling of Frank Miller's graphic novel), 300 is a pure hack-and-slash action game, filled with violently bloody combat, monstrous enemies, and some stylish artwork. It's also another one of those movie-licensed games that feels like it was cobbled together in a relatively short cycle and rushed onto store shelves just ahead of the film's release, as practically every aspect feels underdeveloped in one way or another. But raw as it may be, 300 still provides some memorable moments and ties itself into the film quite nicely.   
  Alien Hominid HD Review
,  Commercial-grade digital distribution was made for games like Alien Hominid, which was just ahead of its time. While it started life as a simple little Flash game online, the full game was originally released on the PlayStation 2 and GameCube back in 2004, with a European Xbox release hitting in 2005. The 2D side-scrolling shooter was endlessly charming and notoriously difficult, but it never really broke out of its fairly tiny niche. Now it's back for another go on the Xbox 360 as a $10 purchase. It's a perfect fit for Microsoft's downloadable game service, and it's still an outstanding shooter.  
  Galactic Civilizations II: Dark Avatar Review
,  Galactic Civilizations II: Dread Lords was on most strategy-game-of-the-year awards lists in 2006, garnering praise from many as the best space-based "4X" (exploring, expanding, exploiting, exterminating) game ever released for the PC. That's a tough act to follow, yet somehow Stardock has managed to produce an add-on package that elevates the game to an even higher level of strategy gaming excellence. Dark Avatar accomplishes this via subtle tweaks in a wide range of existing features combined with some totally new elements that significantly expand the depth and breadth of an already excellent game.  
  Back to Stone Review
,  As adventure games go, Back to Stone doesn't do much to bust out of the "fight monsters, fetch items" formula. The game's lone gimmick is that you play as a man who can transform monsters into stone blocks. Those stone blocks, in turn, can be pushed around and used as platforms or to activate floor switches. Basically, the developer has come up with an interesting way to enable the same block-pushing mechanic we've seen in countless similar games. However, while that's nice and all, it doesn't make the act of pushing blocks more enjoyable, and it sure doesn't change the fact that Back to Stone is a bland dungeon crawl with some serious shortcomings.  
  Izuna: The Legend of the Unemployed Ninja Review
,  Your sword is cracked. Your armor is broken. You're on the 25th floor of a dungeon, and it has taken you about an hour to get there. You've just stepped on an undetectable monster trap and scads of demons are now bearing down on you. The next time you attack or move, you will die and respawn at the local village without armor, items, or money...again. In short, you're screwed...again. Does this sound like good times? The folks at Ninja Studio apparently think so, and they're looking to bring that joy to the Nintendo DS with Izuna: The Legend of the Unemployed Ninja. While the game's barbaric difficulty will undoubtedly be agonizing for some, those with a high threshold for pain will find a perverse delight in hacking their way through this dungeon crawler.  
  Dance Dance Revolution Universe Review
,  Dance Dance Revolution is flying its flag over yet another game platform with DDR Universe, the first installment for the Xbox 360. The game comes with a decent dance mat and offers many of the same modes found in the DDR Ultramix games, which were released on the previous Xbox. With handy tutorial stuff for beginners and more than 70 songs to choose from, Universe is accessible to players of all skill levels.  
  The Sims 2 Seasons Review
,  By now, you've probably heard about The Sims. It all started with a little idea of controlling the lives of autonomous characters called "sims," and it took off in a big way to become a best-selling game series on multiple platforms--and on the PC, the series became infamous for its many expansion packs. The Sims 2 Seasons is the latest one, and unlike the last few expansions, this one doesn't add a zillion ambitious new features that make the game more complicated. Instead, it adds seasonal weather, crop farming, and some new group activities that can actually make the challenging gameplay of Sims 2 a more relaxed pastime. For players looking for a slower-paced experience that doesn't require you to keep track of the ins and outs of an in-game business--or constantly watch a hyperactive pet--this is a good thing.  
  SSX Blur Review
,  When the original SSX launched for the PlayStation 2 back in 2000, it included an in-your-face logo screen of EA Sports Big that was complete with a big, booming voice pronouncing the name of the publisher in no uncertain terms. Seven years later, the SSX series has debuted on the Nintendo Wii with SSX Blur, but both the logo and the voice talent have mellowed--less Danzig and more Dan from accounting. To a certain extent, the same is true for the game itself. While SSX Blur has moments of frustration that will have you raising your own voice, it remains another solid--if a bit more mellow--entry in the SSX series.  
  Pro Evolution Soccer 6 Review
,  The second word of "Pro Evolution Soccer" proves to be more appropriate with each passing year, thanks to incremental updates that never go beyond slowly evolving Konami's winning formula. True, the series has long offered deep and rewarding gameplay, but the lack of innovation has become increasingly apparent of late. The tweaks that Konami has made to the match engine have produced a more refined game, but there's not a hint of the revolution attempted by EA Sports in most annual FIFA updates. There are also only a handful of new features, chief of which are eight-player online support, an increase in the number of licensed teams, and an international challenge mode.  
  Soldier Blade Review
,  Wii owners will soon come to realize what fans of the space shoot-'em-up genre have known for years: NEC's TurboGrafx-16 was home to a slew of enjoyable shoot-'em-ups. The second TurboGrafx-16 shooter to become available on the Virtual Console is Hudson's Soldier Blade, a vertical-scrolling gem known for its friendly difficulty curve, lengthy levels, and a constant stream of giant enemy ships and their accompanying gunfire.  
  Vigilante Review
,  One of the first side-scrolling beat-'em-ups was Irem's Kung Fu. In it, you, as a lone martial artist, had to make your way to the top floor of a five-story temple by dispatching successive waves of bad guys with only a limited repertoire of punches and kicks. It was the video game equivalent of Bruce Lee's 
  Root Beer Tapper Review
,  Originally released by Bally/Midway in 1983 as simply Tapper, this arcade classic put you in the role of a mustachioed, suds-slingin' barkeep who must tend to four, count 'em, four bars as wave after wave of thirsty and belligerent patrons attempt to bum-rush you. It was rereleased the following year as Root Beer Tapper, making it more kid friendly by removing the giant Budweiser sign from the back of the bar, and now Root Beer Tapper has made its way to Xbox Live Arcade. The emulation wizards at Digital Eclipse have done well with the XBLA version of Root Beer Tapper, which retains the same, unique gameplay as the arcade original and tosses in a little Xbox Live action on top.  
  Ecco the Dolphin Review
,  In the first half of the 1990s, 
  Ar Tonelico: Melody of Elemia Review
,  Ar tonelico: Melody of Elemia is a conventional role-playing game in most respects, but it strays from the well-worn path of similar RPGs by incorporating elements of the dating sims and visual novels that are immensely popular in Japan. It sounds like a bizarre concept, but in practice it just means that you'll have to sit through a lot of breathy, often nonsensical dialogue and minimally interactive courtship sequences rife with chirpy anime characters and groan-inducing sexual innuendo that could have been written by a staff of excitable 12-year-old boys. Unfortunately, that means that unless you happen to be an excitable 12-year-old boy, you might find a lot of this game to be unbearable. Still, Ar tonelico succeeds in delivering a moderately enjoyable experience due to its likeable characters, lengthy story, and mostly sound role-playing mechanics.  
  Capcom Puzzle World Review
,  Capcom should have called Capcom Puzzle World "Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo and Friends." Even with just five games to its name, Capcom Puzzle World feels padded out by the inclusion of three mildly different Buster Bros. games, as much fun as popping bubbles can be. There's no doubt that Super Puzzle Fighter II Turbo, arguably one of the best competitive puzzle games ever, is the main draw here. This 10-year-old-plus puzzle game with its fighting game attitude and playful sense of style holds up beautifully. It has also been smartly modified to fit the widescreen aspect ratio of the PSP screen. Conversely, the other games in Capcom Puzzle World suffer by varying degrees in their translation to the PSP. However, most of these faults will likely only matter to hardcore purists, and this remains a highly playable and attractive puzzle package.  
  Super Mario World Review
,  There are no fewer than four Mario adventures that could easily be listed within the lexicon of the greatest games ever made, and Super Mario World for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System could very easily be considered the best of the best. Much the way that Super Mario Bros. for the NES signaled Nintendo's arrival in the home console market, Super Mario World helped define the 16-bit era, transforming the classic Mario formula into something bigger, brighter, and better. Now Super Mario World is on the Virtual Console for the standard SNES price of 800 Wii points ($8), and if you haven't experienced this game in the past, there's no time like the present to start.  
  Fossil League: Dino Tournament Championship Review
,  
  Starshatter: The Gathering Storm Review
,  It's a bit difficult what to make of Starshatter: The Gathering Storm, the "follow-up" to 2004's ambitious space combat sim. That's because The Gathering Storm isn't really a new game; rather, it's an updated version of the original Starshatter with enhanced artificial intelligence and better production values. Starshatter remains something of an interesting throwback to a time when space-combat sims like Wing Commander and X-Wing were the first-person shooters of their day. But to its credit, Starshatter does a lot more than simply mimic famed predecessors. In many ways, Starshatter feels like a cross between Wing Commander and Falcon 4.0, combining the fast-paced action of the former with the depth of the latter to create a dynamic space combat game.  
  Patriots: A Nation Under Fire Review
,  Is there any thought more frightening to an American than the thought of another massive terrorist attack on US soil? Absolutely: the prospect of having to play through Patriots: A Nation Under Fire. This budget-priced first-person shooter creates a nightmare scenario of a massive, countrywide terrorist attack that leaves many major cities destroyed in a nuclear holocaust and the remaining populace under siege by masked guys with guns and unplaceable, threatening-sounding accents. It then piles on the nightmare by encumbering you with intensely clumsy cover mechanics, a level of challenge that borders on unfair, and absentminded artificial intelligent cohorts who make fantastic bullet shields but aren't useful for much else.   
  Fullmetal Alchemist: Dual Sympathy Review
,  Alchemy isn't without irony, it would seem. 
  Diddy Kong Racing DS Review
,  Many of Rare's fans were deeply saddened when Microsoft purchased the company in 2002, thinking that no more Rare games would ever find their way onto a Nintendo system again. While Rare hasn't been making any games for Nintendo's home consoles, it has released a handful of games for the Game Boy Advance, and now, the Nintendo DS, as well. Diddy Kong Racing was released to mixed reviews on the Nintendo 64 in 1997. Almost 10 years later, the game is back, having gotten a touch-up similar to what Nintendo did with Super Mario 64 DS. The core game is mostly unchanged, but there are new race modes, new characters, touch-screen controls, and even online multiplayer. If you didn't like the original game, there's nothing here that's going to change your mind, and it's certainly no threat to the Mario Kart series, but it is a solid racing game that, good or bad, has enough content to keep you busy for a very long time.   
  Pro Evolution Soccer 6 Review
,  Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer series has usually managed to outdo EA's FIFA series in the eyes of European critics, even if it rarely manages to generate the same level of sales. When Winning Eleven: Pro Evolution Soccer 2007 (or Pro Evolution Soccer 6 in Europe) was announced for the Xbox 360, it seemed gamers could finally look forward to a game that combined superb playability with more impressive visuals and a compelling online offering.  
  Sonic the Hedgehog Review
,  In what might be seen as a move to reset and reinvent the series, the latest game to feature Sonic the Hedgehog is merely called Sonic the Hedgehog. Sega's blue critter has been around since the 16-bit days, when his side-scrolling platformers were strong enough to take on Mario, the then-undisputed kingpin of the platforming genre. Sonic's fall from grace has been slow, starting with a promising first stab at 3D with Sonic Adventure, but it's all been downhill since those far-gone days, and games like this new Sonic the Hedgehog are the culprit. With plenty of bad glitches, poor controls, and totally lame gameplay on all fronts, this one's not going to restore any part of the Hedgehog's name to glory.   
  Contra III: The Alien Wars Review
,  In their heyday, the Contra games were about as good as the scrolling shooter genre got. One of the very best in the series was Contra III: The Alien Wars for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. As the series' first foray into the 16-bit era, Contra III beefed up what made Contra...well, Contra. It skillfully blended the classic shooting gameplay with some new twists and significantly improved visuals. Now, Contra III is available on the Wii Virtual Console for 800 Wii points ($8). Like most shooters of this era, Contra III is a relatively short game that could theoretically be beaten in just a couple of hours. But unless you've got some kind of ridiculous skills, odds are it'll take you quite a bit longer to best this game's stalwart challenge. And it's worth the effort too.  
  Underground Pool Review
,  It's unlikely that anyone would go into a budget- priced handheld pool game and expect the moon from it, but it wouldn't be hard to expect more than what a ramshackle piece of junk like Underground Pool offers up. Shoddy ball physics, useless artificial intelligence, clumsy touch-screen controls, ugly graphics, shrill audio, and a severe lack of modes are just the highlights of what's wrong with this game.   
  Bullet Witch Review
,  She has the raven hair and ruby lips, and sparks 
  Bubble Bobble Evolution Review
,  It would seem that Bub and Bob just can't catch a break. Last year's Bubble Bobble Revolution for the DS was a disastrous attempt to update the franchise, despite the fact that it included a functional version of the much-loved original Bubble Bobble. Now there's Bubble Bobble Evolution for the PlayStation Portable, which clumsily shifts the focus of the gameplay to be more puzzle oriented. Yeah, there's still a pair of cute, bubble-bustin' dinosaurs to mess around with, but the graphics are cold and lifeless, the music is crushingly monotonous, and the gameplay itself is simply tedious. It may not be out-and-out busted, but it's still no fun.  
  Formula One Championship Edition Review
,  Given how long it had been since the last Formula One game was released in the United States, many felt that Formula One Championship Edition would never see the light of day in North America. Perhaps it's just here because the PlayStation 3 needed some original content, but regardless of the reason, Formula One CE has now been released in the US, and the PlayStation 3 is better for it. The touted rearview-mirror feature didn't make it into the final game, but the visuals look great and the gameplay is quite good.    
  Chili Con Carnage Review
,  The PlayStation Portable has been suffering through a long bout of PlayStation 2 hand-me-down syndrome ever since the system's release. In that time, dozens of PS2 games (some of them years old) have been ported, remixed, or otherwise crammed onto UMDs and rereleased as PSP games, usually with some lame subtitle to try to make the game seem different. But as annoying as this syndrome has been up to this point, occasionally some games are exempt. Such is the case with Chili Con Carnage, a reworking of a little-known action game from 2005 called Total Overdose: A Gunslinger's Tale in Mexico. It was basically a Robert Rodriguez movie and Max Payne all rolled up into one, and it was a patently silly piece of work, emphasizing ridiculous shoot-dodging moves and big explosions over...well, just about everything else. In Chili Con Carnage, developer Deadline Games has made the experience much better by stripping away some of the more superfluous elements of the console game (such as the open-ended, GTA-esque city) and turning in an even more ridiculous adventure.  
  Q*bert Review
,  Originally released to arcades in 1982, Q*bert was one of the rare arcade successes that led to larger licensing efforts. The fuzzy ball with two feet and a gigantic hose for a nose went on to star in his own Saturday morning cartoon, a pinball machine, a sequel, and plenty of other crazy licensed goods. In 2007, Q*bert has gained another distinction as the first arcade classic to appear as a downloadable game for the PlayStation 3. Available for $4.99, Q*bert is probably a must-own if you're a superfan of the original game, but this is a very bare-bones version of the game that could have used a few more features and options.  
  Bionicle Heroes Review
,  Bionicle Heroes for the GBA is a run-and-gun shoot-'em-up that rekindles loving memories of such classics as Ikari Warriors or the top-down levels in Contra III. You won't find much here that's specifically patterned after Lego or the Bionicle brand, but what you will find is shooting, shooting, and lots more shooting. There's hardly a moment when the screen isn't jam packed with robots and bullets, which is a good thing, because the slick graphics and hectic situations go a long way toward helping the player disregard how repetitive the gunplay is.  
  Arena Football: Road to Glory Review
,  When EA announced that it had picked up the license for Arena Football, one couldn't help but wonder exactly how hard the publisher was going to push this new property. If the latest entry in the franchise, Arena Football: Road to Glory, is any indication for the future, the answer is, "Not terribly." Last year's debut Arena Football game managed to show a bit of promise, but it was hampered by some unexciting features and consistency issues. Road to Glory suffers from precisely the same issues, as well as a few new ones to boot. Sure, EA has gone to the trouble of tweaking the gameplay in a few spots and adding the full roster of the minor league AF2 teams, but none of these additions fix what was actually wrong with the original game.   
  War Rock Review
,  It's true what they say about getting what you pay for. Well, at least some of the time. You can still download War Rock for free, much as you could when the online first-person shooter was in its official beta stages. As a free game, it's a serviceable Battlefield-series substitute with a surprisingly large community and enough decent qualities to make it worth the download. But in a retail package that costs money, its appeal spirals downward fast, thanks to its broken features, bland shooting action, and weak production values.   
  Romance of the Three Kingdoms XI Review
,  Whether it's Madden, Final Fantasy, or Romance of the Three Kingdoms, you have to respect a game series with releases numbering in the double digits, because it's a milestone that so few franchises reach. But at some point it gets hard to muster up any sort of anticipation for the next title in a series that peaked about five releases ago. Romance of the Three Kingdoms XI is certainly a solid turn-based strategy game, but it feels tired because it covers the exact same territory as its 10 predecessors--four of which were released on the PlayStation 2 in as many years. The 11th game in the series does overhaul the basic gameplay mechanics, but the net effect of these changes is marginal. This is still a very dense, very slow, no-frills strategy game, but with a forgiving approach and enough time and patience, Romance of the Three Kingdoms XI can still be quite satisfying.  
  Sam & Max Episode 4: Abe Lincoln Must Die! Review
,  Sam & Max, Telltale's episodic adventure series, is now up to its fourth episode with Abe Lincoln Must Die! If you haven't been keeping up, the main thing moving the story along so far has been teddy bears with the power to hypnotize, which has led to all sorts of weird happenings, from talk show hosts keeping their audiences hostage to rogue child stars wreaking havoc. The dog-and-rabbit detective duo get one layer deeper in Episode 4, which makes some light changes to the formula that make this feel a bit fresher than the previous episodes. But since this is an episodic game and we're already more than halfway through the first "season" of six episodes, at this point you've probably either committed to playing them all or have decided to skip it all.  
  Chulip Review
,  Chulip is an adventure game about kissing people, and it is weird. But not just weird like a guy who wears a funny hat and brightly colored suspenders, who you can tell 
  Donkey Kong Country Review
,  Back in 1994, Nintendo was busy trying to convince people that the 16-bit Super Nintendo Entertainment System still had life left in it. The company's argument was that games on the Super NES could output graphics on par with what the forthcoming 32-bit consoles were capable of. To prove it, they teamed up with Rare to produce Donkey Kong Country, a Mario-style platformer that featured backgrounds and characters that were initially modeled in 3D on powerful Silicon Graphics hardware and then transformed into 2D objects for use in the game. Those snazzy tropical graphics, along with the game's solid platforming chops, did indeed convince people that the Super NES wasn't dead yet, to the tune of more than 8 million copies sold. Now that Donkey Kong Country is available for the Wii's Virtual Console, more than a decade after its initial release, it's incredible to see that time hasn't done much to diminish how fun the game is.  
  Winning Eleven: Pro Evolution Soccer 2007 Review
,  While Pro Evolution Soccer is generally known for its realism and attention to detail on the pitch, Konami's first foray for this franchise into the Nintendo DS market has different priorities. These priorities include the need to create a game that not only works within the technical limitations of the DS but also takes advantage of the platform's unique features. The result is a game that's generally uncomplicated to play: While veterans of the series might find it basic, it's accessible and fun.  
  Gurumin: A Monstrous Adventure Review
,  It can be risky business lifting inspiration wholesale from the work of others. After all, someone might actually notice. So when giant diamond-eyed purple monsters and heart-container-containing life gems start to pop up in Gurumin: A Monstrous Adventure, it might just give you pause as images of the work of Hayao Miyazaki (
  Xevious Review
,  Xevious holds the distinction of being one of the first vertical-scrolling aircraft shoot-'em-ups. Namco released the original arcade cabinet in 1982 and subsequently published numerous versions for the various home consoles of the day. Without Xevious, superlative shoot-'em-ups like 1942, Raiden, and Ikaruga may never have seen the light of day. For that reason alone, Xevious deserves respect. However, that respect doesn't mean you should pay 500 Wii points ($5) to play the Nintendo Entertainment System version of Xevious on your Wii's Virtual Console. The game was already behind the times when it finally hit the NES in 1984. Today, Xevious seems totally ancient with its overly repetitious design and ugly 8-bit visuals.  
  flOw Review
,  FlOw has more in common with something like a lava lamp than an actual game. It's something to be watched. You'll find yourself infinitely more intrigued by the shapes and colors that evolve throughout its experience than its relatively scarce gameplay mechanics. It's basically a piece of computer art that happens to be controllable via the Sixaxis controller. And the really crazy thing? Despite its incredible simplicity and heavy emphasis on aesthetics over gameplay, it is still something you could designate as actual, honest-to-god fun.   
  Winning Eleven: Pro Evolution Soccer 2007 Review Review
,  Now in its sixth iteration, Konami's Pro Evolution Soccer series has become a permanent fixture in the European game charts. In the face of tough competition from EA Sports' polished FIFA series, PES has taken deep and rewarding gameplay and continued to develop the experience with annual updates. Last year's edition of Pro Evolution Soccer was the first in the series to hit Sony's PlayStation Portable, and despite answering the dreams of fans everywhere who wanted mobile PES action, it wasn't quite as playable or comprehensive as its PlayStation 2 counterpart. Thankfully, this year's version offers needed enhancements, while the master league mode makes its first appearance on the platform.   
  Streets of Rage Review
,  Originally released on the Genesis in 1991, Streets of Rage was Sega's response to the still-burgeoning popularity of side-scrolling arcade-style beat-'em-ups. Capcom's Final Fight was the game to emulate at the time. In a lot of ways, Streets of Rage felt like little more than a Final Fight also-ran, right down to its three playable characters and comic-book-gritty urban setting. Now that Streets of Rage has arrived on the Wii Virtual Console, you can be reminded of the great music, though the beat-'em-up gameplay doesn't hold up quite as well.  
  Jade Empire: Special Edition Review
,  PC gamers have been waiting patiently for almost two years for BioWare's Asian-themed role-playing game to make it to their platform of choice. And in many ways, it was worth the delay for anyone who hasn't already played the Xbox version. Jade Empire: Special Edition features a terrific story that, like most great tales, is as engaging now as it was when it was first told. It's set in a marvelous mythological land of monstrous demons and martial arts that's inhabited by hysterical and heartbreaking characters, each with his or her own fascinating story. If you cherish strong narratives in games and have appreciated the developer's previous efforts, this one won't disappoint you.   
  SnoCross 2: Featuring Blair Morgan Review
,  SnoCross 2: Featuring Blair Morgan hasn't had the smoothest development cycle. It was originally shown at the 2005 Electronic Entertainment Expo and was slated to appear on both the Xbox and PlayStation 2, with online play to boot. Since then the Xbox version has been scrapped, as has the online functionality. What did finally get released is a budget-priced PlayStation 2 game that's not a whole lot of fun to play. Even if you can get past the atrocious presentation and frustrating gameplay, there's always a new problem waiting to make sure you can't enjoy what little there is good about the game.   
  Metal Slug Anthology Review
,  After years of scattered, piecemeal releases on various home consoles, SNK marks the 10th anniversary of the original Metal Slug by rolling up all seven Metal Slug arcade games into a single package with Metal Slug Anthology. It's a must-have for Metal Slug completists, if for nothing else, because it marks the first time that the relatively new Metal Slug 6 has appeared anywhere other than Sammy's Atomiswave arcade hardware. However, those same completists will likely be bothered by the unfortunate peppering of short-but-noticeable in-game load times found in all of the games. Still, the lovingly drawn 2D graphics look exceptional on the PSP screen, and the series' comically violent style and relentless action make for a singularly awesome experience.  
  Ghost Rider Review
,  Fans of the skeletal biker with the flaming skull and ridiculous chains will likely enjoy Ghost Rider for the Game Boy Advance. It's an intense side-scrolling beat-'em-up that lets you use the titular character's fists, chains, and hellfire against the likes of Lilith, Scarecrow, Mephisto, and their many demonic thugs throughout 25 lavish levels. The game doesn't bring anything new to the beat-'em-up genre, but it is nevertheless a solid brawler that provides an excellent portrayal of everyone's favorite spirit of vengeance.  
  Sonic and the Secret Rings Review
,  After a slew of disappointing and downright bad games, Sega's speedy hedgehog has finally returned in a game worthy of the Sonic legacy. Sonic and the Secret Rings for the Wii takes the game back to its high speed roots. While you can technically move in three dimensions, you're almost always moving forward whether you want to or not, and lateral movement is limited to taking one or two steps in either direction as you involuntarily sprint down a narrow path. Confined as it may be, Sonic and the Secret Rings works because it lets you run at breakneck speeds through great-looking, fantastical stages. The game is not without its share of frustrations, but Sonic and the Secret Rings is certainly worth playing.  
  Vanguard: Saga of Heroes Review
,  Since the release of Blizzard's monumentally popular World of Warcraft and its expansion, it's been impossible for new massively multiplayer online role-playing games to avoid the inevitable comparisons. That's probably for the best in the case of Vanguard: Saga of Heroes, for while the aforementioned games have some superficial similarities to this one, their core designs are far different. Vanguard, for better or for worse, hearkens back to the days of EverQuest, when in-game death was more than just a slight annoyance and groups camped for bosses that rarely spawned. But by doing its own thing, Azeroth be damned, Vanguard sets itself apart, thanks to complex crafting and a wholly unique take on non-player character communication. It's also rough around the edges, exhibiting all the bugs and glitches of a game not quite ready for release. Yet while Vanguard is not outwardly friendly to genre newcomers, it's got enough rewarding gameplay to please experienced adventurers willing to overlook its technical hitches.   
  Maelstrom Review
,  It's a shame that the makers of 2004's excellent and inventive real-time strategy game Perimeter couldn't maintain their momentum. Maelstrom is a frustrating mess that showcases meaningless tacked-on features in lieu of functional RTS gameplay. It's hard not to walk away with the feeling that KD Visions spent more of its time making pretty water graphics than it did making the game fun to play.   
  Kirby's Adventure Review
,  Kirby's Adventure was originally released toward the end of the Nintendo Entertainment System's life cycle, back in 1993 when most everyone had abandoned Nintendo's 8-bit console in favor of the Super NES and Sega Genesis. It was warmly received by those who took the time to play it, partly because of the cute scenery and characters but mainly because it offered a refreshing take on the stale side-scrolling platformer formula. Kirby, a roly-poly puffball, could fly, as well as suck up his enemies and steal their moves. Unlike in traditional platformers, Kirby's diverse arsenal gave you more freedom to figure out how to get through levels and how to deal with the enemies contained within them. Now that Kirby's Adventure is available for play on the Wii's Virtual Console, it's nice to see that the game hasn't lost much of its charm or fun.   
  Ghost Rider Review
,  Just call it "Devil May Ghost Rider of War." Based ever-so-loosely on the same-named upcoming Nic Cage movie (which, in turn, is based on the popular Marvel comic book), Ghost Rider isn't just inspired by such great action franchises as God of War and Devil May Cry, it practically robs those games blind of every gameplay mechanic it can get its grubby, demonic hands on. And yet, somehow, some way, despite the incredible pedigrees the developers were lifting from, Ghost Rider is completely bereft of the elements that made those games so much fun. It is a hollow, monotonous shell of those games, completely soulless in its execution and devoid of any unique or interesting qualities, much less any fun. Suffice it to say, no matter how much of an affinity you have for the titular hero, this game is not for you.  
  Ice Climber Review
,  Millions of people have played as the Ice Climbers in Super Smash Bros. Melee, but very few have played the 1985 Nintendo Entertainment System game where the duo got their start. Like most other games of its time, Ice Climber is simple but quite challenging. However, unlike many early NES games, it holds up well and is still a lot of fun.   
  Kid Icarus Review
,  For some reason, Nintendo hasn't done much to keep Kid Icarus going as a franchise. The original NES game was released in 1987 and a sequel was produced for the Game Boy in 1991. That was it--until recently, when the NES game was again made available for the Wii's Virtual Console. Some people regard Kid Icarus as a challenging, Greek-themed alternative to Metroid. Others regard it as a bland 2D action game that's memorable only because some goofy design choices transform the already cruel level layouts into absolute acts of masochism. Both perspectives are accurate, which may be why the game never achieved the same popular following or spawned as many sequels as Nintendo's other character-driven properties.  
  Ghost Rider Review
,  Just call it "Devil May Ghost Rider of War." Based ever-so-loosely on the same-named upcoming Nic Cage movie (which, in turn, is based on the popular Marvel comic book), Ghost Rider isn't just inspired by such great action franchises as God of War and Devil May Cry, it practically robs those games blind of every gameplay mechanic it can get its grubby, demonic hands on. And yet, somehow, some way, despite the incredible pedigrees the developers were lifting from, Ghost Rider is completely bereft of the elements that made those games so much fun. It is a hollow, monotonous shell of those games, completely soulless in its execution and devoid of any unique or interesting qualities, much less any fun. Suffice it to say, no matter how much of an affinity you have for the titular hero, this game is not for you.  
  Blitzkrieg 2: Fall of the Reich Review
,  The Blitzkrieg real-time strategy franchise enters its fourth year with another stand-alone expansion in Blitzkrieg 2: Fall of the Reich, which is a happy title for some of us because it indicates that CDV may be coming to the end of the line. This has been a pretty good series overall, but at this late date, everything has been done, and the developers at Nival Interactive are now just spinning their wheels.  
  Lunar Knights Review
,  While the name Kojima may be most freely and popularly associated with Metal Gear Solid, the acclaimed Japanese game designer has proven that he's got some range, specifically with the Boktai games for the Game Boy Advance. Apparently, the Boktai name doesn't carry much weight in the US. Lunar Knights, the latest from Kojima Productions, is essentially Boktai 4, but character name changes in the English translation weaken the connection. There's no solar sensor in the DS cart, but the sunlight theme is still central to the gameplay. In Lunar Knights, you'll also be trading in moonlight, manipulating the weather to alter the world around you, harnessing the powers of the elements to defeat your enemies, and even dabbling in a little space combat. It can be a challenge to keep tabs on the complexities of the gameplay, and resilient, damage-dealing enemies may be thrown at you at a constant clip. But it all pays off because the game looks and sounds great, the action is diverse and constantly evolving, and there's even some pretty engaging storytelling in there too.  
  Close Quarters Conflict Review
,  Groove Games apparently doesn't think a whole lot about Close Quarters Conflict. The first-person shooter hit stores almost a month ago, but the publisher still hasn't bothered to do anything with the official Web site aside from posting placeholder art. Needless to say, this isn't a good sign. If a game is an afterthought to its publisher, it's pretty safe to say that the buying public shouldn't spend much time thinking about it either.  
  Wii Play Review
,  Nintendo's move of packing in Wii Sports with every new Wii sold in the US proved to be a genius move. Though it was little more than a simple collection of tech demos, Wii Sports can perhaps claim some of the credit for the system's immediate mainstream appeal because it provided built-in proof of the kind of fun, accessible gameplay the Wii was capable of. Less than three months after launch, Nintendo follows up with Wii Play, a similar collection of minigames that lacks that athletic theme as an anchor. Those looking for more of what they got out of Wii Sports will undoubtedly be disappointed because the quality and lasting value of the games aren't as high. There are a few keepers in there, but for the most part the novelty wears off quickly.  
  Paperboy Review
,  Life in the suburban jungle is no joke. Every day may be your last, and the worst part is, you don't know what could happen to you. Are you going to get hit by a car? Run into a shambling bum? Get attacked by an angry cat? Will you inadvertently end up in the middle of a brawl between two thugs? Anything can happen. Back in 1984, Atari Games released a suburban simulator that's never been matched in terms of its gritty realism. The game was called Paperboy, and now there's an emulated version of the arcade classic game available on Xbox Live Arcade.  
  Final Fantasy VI Advance Review
,  Nintendo and Square Enix have saved the best for last. After bringing enhanced ports of four of the first five Final Fantasy games to the Game Boy Advance, it's time for the last of the 2D Final Fantasy games to make the transition. Final Fantasy VI was first released in the US in 1994 as Final Fantasy III, but regardless of what you want to call it, this game is an unequivocal masterpiece and is arguably the pinnacle of the series. Everything about this game, from the beautiful soundtrack to the diabolical villain, makes Final Fantasy VI an unforgettable experience. It was an amazing achievement when it was originally released, and it's just as impressive today, almost 15 years later.  
  The Warriors Review
,  Back in 2005, Rockstar released The Warriors for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox, a beat-'em-up based on Walter Hill's 1979 cult classic film of the same name. While it might seem like an odd choice for a developer to sink any effort into retelling such an obscure and weird movie through game form, The Warriors proved that such an endeavor could be well worth the effort. The Warriors didn't just retell the film--it added a huge amount of backstory to the characters and situations, and it was 
  Xiaolin Showdown Review
,  For those of you who aren't familiar with the 
  DIRT - Origin of the Species Review
,  You don't even have to open the box of DIRT: Origin of the Species to know that you're not exactly dealing with an A-list game. While some might not be apt to complain about the thong prominently displayed by the gun-toting girl on the cover, a couple of "Hey, wait a sec" moments are provided by the apparently random quotation attributed to President James "Maison" on the inside flap and a list of "intriguing" levels that places New York alongside ET hangouts Area 51, Groom Lake, and "Hanger" 18. So you don't need to have access to technology from crashed flying saucers to realize that the chances are pretty good that quality control isn't going to be a highlight of this third-person shooter from NuGeneration Games.  
  Juka and the Monophonic Menace Review
,  If you've played through a role-playing game before, you may be too skilled to fully appreciate Juka and the Monophonic Menace. Even though Orbital Media's take on the genre is aesthetically pleasing and contains a couple of interesting gameplay ideas that might appeal to experienced players, the game is clearly intended for a less-experienced audience. The game involves the same kinds of enemy encounters, puzzles, and collect-a-thon quests found in the majority of action RPGs, except that everything has been made easygoing and straightforward. Combat situations and puzzles don't require much in the way of finger acrobatics or intellect. Nor is there ever a question of what to do or where to go next, because characters in the game are constantly telling you what your next course of action is.  
  MVP 07 NCAA Baseball Review
,  Baseball purists may cringe every time they hear the "ping" of an aluminum bat, but for people who don't mind using words like "liquidmetal," "plasma," and "carbon fiber" when talking about their favorite player's bat, college baseball is every bit as exciting as professional baseball. EA hoped to reach these fans when it decided to release MVP 06 as a college baseball game after losing the MLB license. MVP 06 found an audience, and now the series is back for another go around with MVP 07 NCAA Baseball. Besides the outstanding new "rock and fire" analog pitching system, not a lot has changed since last year, which means MVP 07 is a very good game that succeeds in spite of its low-profile license.   
  Arthur and the Invisibles Review
,  Luc Besson's pastiche 
  NCAA March Madness 07 Review
,  PlayStation 2 owners are accustomed to the release of EA's March Madness series in mid-October, but this year the game is hitting store shelves quite a bit later. The delay was most likely caused by EA's desire to ship both the PS2 and Xbox 360 versions together. And the extra three months in development would make March Madness 07 on the PS2 extra special, right? Not so much. Outside of a few bug fixes and a few insignificant additions, this is the exact same game you played last year.   
  Hotel Dusk: Room 215 Review
,  Something fishy is going on at the Hotel Dusk. A variety of shady characters have taken up residence in this sleepy, Southwestern hotel a few days before New Year's Eve in 1979. They are apparently unfamiliar with one another yet are seemingly bound together by one common trait--a dark secret of one sort or another. This is the premise of Nintendo and developer Cing's latest attempt at the adventure game genre on the DS. Cing is perhaps best known for 2005's Trace Memory, another DS adventure game and one of the more genuinely creative uses of the system's touch-screen technology. The same types of unique puzzle-solving mechanics that originated in Trace Memory are found in Hotel Dusk, but the focus here is more on the game's gritty detective noir storyline. This is less a game in some respects than a graphic novel with a number of interactive elements--and that's not a knock against it, either. This is hardly a dumb detective potboiler. This is an engrossing piece of crime fiction that keeps its hooks in you the whole way through, and it's because of this that the slow pace and focus on dialogue over puzzles aren't just forgivable--they're actually preferable.   
  Micro Machines V4 Review
,  Micro Machines aren't nearly as popular now as they once were, but the miniature collectible cars are still racing in Micro Machines V4, yet another top-down racing game from Codemasters. It's been 15 years since the original Micro Machines game appeared on the Nintendo Entertainment System, and the formula hasn't changed a bit in all that time. Rather than focusing on bringing the series up to date, or even just polishing up the presentation, V4 simply adds more of the same--a lot more, in fact. This game has more weapons, more tracks, and more cars than you could possibly know what to do with. The Nintendo DS version also adds some worthless touch-screen controls and shrinks everything even further to fit the small DS screen. But for all that content, the novelty of racing tiny cars just isn't as entertaining as it used to be, which leaves Micro Machines V4 sitting on four flat tires.  
  Eragon Review
,  The 
  ToeJam & Earl Review
,  ToeJam & Earl was a pretty weird game back in its day, and when you remove it from those carefree 16-bit days, it feels even weirder. As two hip-hop-loving aliens, you'll have to avoid evil earthlings like little devils, hula dancers, bees, and evil dentists while trying to find the pieces of your spaceship so you can escape back to your home planet, Funkotron. But in this case, "weird" doesn't mean "bad." This game was "fresh," or perhaps even "def," back when it was released in the early '90s, and while its lingo and attitude are most definitely dated, it's still a lot of fun, especially with two players.  
  The Shield Review
,  The Shield should probably have never been released. That might sound like an overly harsh statement for a game that isn't abysmally broken, but take this fact into account: Six months ago, The Shield was sitting comfortably on the shelf of game development purgatory, seemingly canned after original publisher Sammy decided to stop publishing games. For some reason, Aspyr then swooped in and rescued this beleaguered licensed action game and put it out for all to buy. Unless Aspyr picked up the rights to this game for less than a dollar and a dream, then the investment was for naught. The Shield is a completely uninteresting brawler/shooter that tries desperately to grasp at the kinds of brutal straws that just about every other mean-spirited action game of the last five years has already used up and spit out. Of course, the main draw here is that the game is based on the popular FX cops-with-bad-attitudes show 
  NCAA March Madness 07 Review
,  EA's March Madness series was a good, but never great, series on the original Xbox. It seemed as if every year it would get a few new things right, but it could never quite get over the hump to achieve greatness. Now, smack in the middle of the real college-hoops season, EA has brought the series to the Xbox 360 for the first time. Perhaps EA should have waited a little longer than midseason to release NCAA March Madness 07, as its many flaws taint an otherwise decent game.  
  Lemmings Review
,  The success of the Lemmings series isn't difficult to understand. For over a decade, gamers have been guiding the cheerfully brainless beasts to safety in a variety of endlessly engaging puzzle settings. And now, if you fork over $5.99 to the PlayStation Store, you can download the newest version right to your PlayStation 3. Actually, it's not really new--it's quite similar to last year's PlayStation Portable version. The solid gameplay of that version has survived intact, along with an online ranking system that lets you compare your score to others. Yet while the small screen of the PSP was a perfect fit for the compact levels, its limited scope is more noticeable now. And without the level editor and swapping of the other iteration, Sony and Team 17 let some of the wind out of the game's sails.  
  Drive to Survive Review
,  Sometimes with budget-priced games, there's the urge to cut them a little slack for minor performance or design flaws. If the music's kind of lame or the textures look crummy, hey, it's no biggie. It was only like $10. Two hundred nickels just so happens to be the magic number for a fresh copy of Drive to Survive, yet despite its out-of-the-gate, deep-discount price, there will be no slack cut for this aggressively wretched, mostly broken car combat game. No, for Drive to Survive, 10 bucks is 20 bucks too much.  
  Moto Roader Review
,  With the exception of the Micro Machine games, there aren't a whole lot of top-down racers being released these days--but back in the day they were all the rage. Well, maybe not 
  Heavy Weapon: Atomic Tank Review
,  Heavy Weapon is an original game that was released on the PC some time ago by PopCap, the casual game kingpin that also offers Bejeweled, Feeding Frenzy, and Bookworm. But rather than sticking to the puzzle-oriented material for which the company is most famous, Heavy Weapon is an action-packed arcade-style scrolling shooter. It's got a lot to it, including a decent challenge and some exciting multiplayer options, both of which help make this game worth its 800-point price tag.  
  Street Fighter II: The World Warrior Review
,  Street Fighter II: The World Warrior is the game that started it all, the fighting game that begat 2D fighting games as we know them and the launching pad for one of the greatest franchises in gaming history. Now it's available for the Wii's Virtual Console--the 1992 Super Nintendo Entertainment System port of it, that is, not the arcade original. Still, as arcade ports went in those days, the SNES port of SF II was excellent all around. The visuals were scaled back a bit, and the audio wasn't quite the same as in the arcade version, but the fantastic fighting translated remarkably well to the old SNES controller, and it still holds up well today as a downloadable Wii game.  
  Xiaolin Showdown Review
,  While there's something to be said for the accessibility of simple, straightforward games, it's the notion that kids can't handle or appreciate more sophisticated games, or media in general, that causes mindless trash like Xiaolin Showdown to come to bear. It's based on the unremarkable children's cartoon of the same name, which would be indistinguishable from the numerous other post-
  Gradius Review
,  Konami's classic arcade-turned-NES shooter Gradius owed plenty to older shooters like Defender and Scramble, but Gradius brought to the table a unique weapon-upgrade system that would be a defining element in every successive Gradius game. It also had a singular art style that filled deep space with abstract robots, volcanoes, and those gigantic Easter Island heads. Through its nostalgia-tickling Virtual Console system, Nintendo has released the NES version of Gradius for the Wii, and it's a pitch-perfect emulation, right down to the texture flicker. Its structure can also prove to be screamingly difficult, and despite being only six, relatively short levels in length, it's a serious challenge to get to the end.  
  Xiaolin Showdown Review
,  While there's something to be said for the accessibility of simple, straightforward games, it's the notion that kids can't handle or appreciate more sophisticated games, or media in general, that causes mindless trash like Xiaolin Showdown to come to bear. It's based on the unremarkable children's cartoon of the same name, which would be indistinguishable from the numerous other post-
  Rayman Raving Rabbids Review
,  Released alongside the launch of the Nintendo Wii, Rayman Raving Rabbids took Ubisoft's mascot platformer hero, Rayman, and shoved him into a world filled with bizarre minigames and evil, screeching bunnies. Not that the Wii launch was hurting for minigame collections, but Raving Rabbids was a success, simply because it combined its hilariously strange characters and the Wii's motion-sensing technology into a highly playable, and goofily enjoyable, game. Now Raving Rabbids has made its way to the PC--though a bit worse for wear. This is still very much a minigame collection, but all the motion-sensing controls have been replaced by keyboard-and-mouse controls (or, if you have a dual analog controller, analog stick movements). The result is a more conventional, and ultimately less engaging, series of minigames that still succeeds in spite of the control shift, due almost entirely to the still-hilarious personality of those nasty rabbids.  
  Avatar: The Last Airbender Review
,  Just as the title suggests, Avatar: The Last Airbender for the PSP is a game featuring the characters and locations from Nickelodeon's popular cartoon show. In this hack-and-slash-style RPG, players lead a party of four heroes through multiple portions of the Avatar world, go on quests for the villagers met along the way, and use the experience and items gained from fighting soldiers and fulfilling quests to constantly upgrade the characters' skills and outfit them with new equipment. Overall, the design is solid and sufficiently varied. Anyone that's played similar games, such as Untold Legends, should feel right at home. Fans of the cartoon, meanwhile, will appreciate that the story, characters, and locations in the game ring true to the portrayals in the show.  
  Avatar: The Last Airbender Review
,  Avatar: The Last Airbender for the Nintendo DS is an action adventure game featuring the characters and locations from Nickelodeon's popular cartoon show. In the game, players lead a party of four heroes through multiple portions of the Avatar world and use the characters' unique abilities to fight the seemingly endless horde of soldiers, machines, and beasts at the Fire Nation's disposal. While there are a few role-playing aspects tacked on here and there, this is, by and large, a straightforward brawler where you mainly have to mash the attack buttons and survive from one encounter to the next. Fans of the show may appreciate that the story and characters ring true to the cartoon, but it's tough to savor the story when the meat of the game consists of literally hundreds of tiresome battle situations.  
  Battlestations: Midway Review
,  If the gaming gurus at Milton Bradley have taught us anything, it's that battleships are made to be sunk. It's a lesson that the creative minds at Eidos must be familiar with, because the publisher's latest game, Battlestations: Midway, makes sinking the steel behemoths of the sea every bit as satisfying as hearing a friend shout out, "You sank my battleship!" However, Battlestations: Midway is more than a game about blowing ships out of the water; it's an interesting blend of action and real-time strategy that does a remarkably good job of appealing to both tastes.   
  Bionicle Heroes Review
,  Even though Bionicle Heroes for the Nintendo DS doesn't do anything that hasn't been done before in other first-person shooters, it does present all of the familiar concepts in ways that fans of the genre and fans of the Bionicle toy line should find appealing. You take on the role of a heroic gun-toting robot and set out to blast away at the scores of enemy robots populating the rooms, hallways, and arenas that make up the game's 37 different levels. Gunplay involves the usual mix of jumping, strafing, and shooting typically found in these sorts of games, and the Bionicle license has been levied to introduce new enemies and weapons, which are all based on Bionicle toys, at regular intervals. The CPU-controlled enemies and bosses do a good job of keeping you on your toes, but what's more impressive is that the developers managed to coax the attractive 3D visuals and responsive controls necessary for a top-flight FPS out of the DS hardware, a feat that prior to this game's release had only been accomplished by Nintendo with Metroid Prime: Hunters. It's a shame that the multiplayer mode doesn't offer any sort of online component, because Bionicle Heroes otherwise delivers everything else that you could want in a first-person shooter.  
  The Shield Review
,  The Shield should probably have never been released. That might sound like an overly harsh statement for a game that isn't abysmally broken, but take this fact into account: Six months ago, The Shield was sitting comfortably on the shelf of game development purgatory, seemingly canned after original publisher Sammy decided to stop publishing games. For some reason, Aspyr then swooped in and rescued this beleaguered licensed action game and put it out for all to buy. Unless Aspyr picked up the rights to this game for less than a dollar and a dream, then the investment was for naught. The Shield is a completely uninteresting brawler/shooter that tries desperately to grasp at the kinds of brutal straws that just about every other mean-spirited action game of the last five years has already used up and spit out. Of course, the main draw here is that the game is based on the popular FX cops-with-bad-attitudes show 
  Battlestations: Midway Review
,  If the gaming gurus at Milton Bradley have taught us anything, it's that battleships are made to be sunk. It's a lesson that the creative minds at Eidos must be familiar with, because the publisher's latest game, Battlestations: Midway, makes sinking the steel behemoths of the sea every bit as satisfying as hearing a friend shout out, "You sank my battleship!" However, Battlestations: Midway is more than a game about blowing ships out of the water; it's an interesting blend of action and real-time strategy that does a remarkably good job of appealing to both tastes.   
  Comix Zone Review
,  By the time Comix Zone hit the Genesis in 1995, Sega's 16-bit, blast-processing console was a lame duck. Sega had done a thorough job of fracturing its own user base with the earlier releases of the Sega CD and 32X add-ons. Also, the whole system was about to be rendered obsolete by the Sega Saturn and Sony PlayStation anyway. On top of being on the wrong console at the wrong time, Comix Zone was a simple 2D beat-'em-up, a genre that had been pretty much beaten to death by 1995. In retrospect, the game's attitude is admittedly corny in a 1995 
  The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past Review
,  While Nintendo's last two console platforms have had to wait for a good, long time before getting a game in the Legend of Zelda series, the Wii is already thick with Zelda action. A Link to the Past is the third Zelda game to appear on the platform. While that's a whole lot of Zelda in a very short time, it's hard to argue with the glut when the games are so good. A Link to the Past is, arguably, the greatest Zelda game ever released. And unless you still have a Super Nintendo handy, or you purchased the relatively recent rerelease for the Game Boy Advance, you should lay down some virtual cash and pick this up.  
  Arthur and the Invisibles Review
,  With the PlayStation 2, PC, and Nintendo DS versions of the 
  Fuzion Frenzy 2 Review
,  Aside from its own Bomberman franchise, Japanese developer Hudson is probably most well known in recent years for developing the Mario Party games for Nintendo. Rather than try to emulate the successful Mario Party franchise as it did with the original Fuzion Frenzy, Microsoft has gone straight to the source for Fuzion Frenzy 2, having recruited Hudson itself to develop this Xbox 360 party-game sequel. Fuzion Frenzy 2 doesn't brim with recognizable mascot characters as the Mario Party games do; instead, it opts for a clumsy gameshow theme that features one of the most irritating in-game voice-overs in recent memory. The presentation can be generic and awkward at times, but the 40-plus minigames included are pretty varied and fun. Perhaps more importantly, Fuzion Frenzy 2 strips away a lot of the arbitrary reversals of fortune that have turned the Mario Party franchise into a bit of a game of chance.   
  DMZ: North Korea Review
,  Of all the weird and wacky crimes committed by North Korean despot Kim Jong Il, some of the weirdest and wackiest were the kidnappings of Japanese civilians for such disparate duties as training spies and making movies. Still, that was a pretty good scheme, at least for an evil dictator, because nobody would willingly sign up for a tour of duty in Pyongyang. It's also a tactic that developer Jarhead Games (known for such straight-to-Wal-Mart classics as World War II Sniper: Call to Victory) might want to adopt for DMZ: North Korea, because nobody would willingly play this horrible third-person shooter.  
  Rafa Nadal Tennis Review
,  Two-time French Open champ Rafael (or "Rafa," as his fans call him) Nadal currently holds the distinction of being ranked number two for more consecutive weeks than anyone in ATP history. Unfortunately for Nadal, much of his career has been played in the shadow of one of the most dominant players ever, Roger Federer. There is one thing that Rafa has that Federer doesn't, and that's a video game that bears his name and likeness. But this isn't something he's going to want to brag about when hanging out with the likes of Maria Sharapova. Thanks to poor controls, a paltry list of game modes, and a lack of real-life players not named Rafael Nadal, Rafa Nadal Tennis double-faults in its Nintendo DS debut.  
  Sid Meier's Pirates! Review
,  After triumphantly making the rounds on the PC and the Xbox over the past couple of years, Sid Meier's Pirates! has finally arrived on the PlayStation Portable. It is quite possibly a perfect fit for the platform because the minigame nature of the gameplay is well suited for the PSP and because it is an addictive strategy game that captures all of the charm of being a pirate, but without any of the pesky downsides, such as scurvy.  
  Crashday Review
,  If you were to smoosh together the FlatOut series of demolition racing games and Nadeo's TrackMania stunt-racing franchise, then systematically vacuum out all of the most appealing aspects of both titles, you'd have the basic equivalent of Crashday. It's not that the game is terrible, but so little of it feels genuine or original; it's more of a cheap, hacked-together clone of the aforementioned titles. And what's more, it isn't even a particularly good clone. The game's race modes lack coherency--let alone excitement--and the stunt and combat modes fall flat.   
  Sam & Max Episode 3: The Mole, the Mob and the Meatball Review
,  Sam & Max's episodic adventures continue with Episode 3: The Mole, the Mob and the Meatball. Like the previous two Telltale-developed adventure games, this one is self-contained but ties in to the other installments. A police mole that has been working undercover in Ted E. Bear's Mafia has gone missing, and it's up to Sam (a dog that knows how to crack wise) and Max (a rabbit-esque thing that loves violence more than you love your own mother) to infiltrate a Mafia-run casino and figure out what happened.  
  The Legend of Heroes III: Song of the Ocean Review
,  The Legend of Heroes III: Song of the Ocean is the third chapter in the series from Namco Bandai and developer Falcom. Remarkably, it's the third lengthy role-playing game in the series to be released within a period of about 14 months. It's great to see the PlayStation Portable library filling up with role-playing games, but unfortunately The Legend of Heroes III suffers from the same underlying problems that made the first two so forgettable. It's a functionally sound game that's easy on the eyes and will take a very long time to finish, but it's completely lacking in depth and character, which makes for a very dull experience.  
  Europa Universalis III Review
,  Europa Universalis III refers to itself as a "grand strategy game" on the game box, and developer Paradox certainly isn't kidding. It may "only" span just more than 330 years of Renaissance and Reformation history, but it lets you take control of hundreds of nations, using any means at your disposal to expand your borders. It's the kind of thing that historical strategists lap up but that often leaves others in the cold. Yet, if you've been intimidated by similar complex games in the past, it's time to rethink your position. Europa Universalis III is bursting with all the features armchair generals expect while welcoming newcomers with open arms and a friendly, intuitive interface. It improves upon nearly every aspect of its predecessors, and the result is an addictive and appealing experience, even for those who usually shy away from games with screenshots that look like a geography lesson.   
  Arthur and the Invisibles Review
,  To be clear from the get-go, Arthur and the Invisibles on the Nintendo DS isn't for everyone. The frenetic pace of this minigame collection and the necessity for you to actually exercise your brain to figure out what's going on may be off-putting to some. But, if you count yourself a fan of the WarioWare series of games or are just interested in an alternative style of gameplay, there is a lot to like about Arthur on the DS.  
  Digimon World DS Review
,  Fans of the Digimon franchise have had to put up with some shoddy games over the years. Thankfully, if Digimon World DS is any indication, it looks like Namco Bandai is finally taking steps to reverse that trend. The process of catching monsters has been made less tedious in this latest game, the battle interface has undergone a few strategic tweaks, and you now have a lot more leeway with regard to training and customizing your collected monsters. The ability to trade and breed monsters with people over the Internet using Nintendo's Wi-Fi Connect service is also a welcome new feature, even if actual multiplayer play remains limited to opponents that you can fit into the same room with you. Digimon World DS still has some catching up to do when compared to the typical Pokémon game, but all of the various improvements go a long way toward making this the kind of game that Digimon fans can buy and play without much fear of disappointment.  
  Deal or No Deal Review
,  Deal or No Deal presents a bit of a conundrum. Yes, it's a fairly accurate PC-game rendition of the uberpopular NBC game show starring Mr. 
  Mini RC Rally Review
,  Tiny RC cars driving on "wacky" full-sized tracks in real-world settings was a neat idea the first dozen or so times it was done, but it's played out by now. It seems the folks at Summitsoft Entertainment, which is best known for its data backup programs and logo design software, didn't get the memo, and they've unleashed a real stinker in the form of Mini RC Rally on the Nintendo DS.   
  BattleZone Review
,  The original Battlezone was an arcade game released by Atari in 1980 and is remembered for being one of the first games to use 3D-like vector graphics. The original game has been ported to more than a dozen different platforms and spawned a sequel in the late '90s. And now the name lives on with BattleZone, a multiplayer-oriented tank combat game for the PSP. There's not much to BattleZone, but the combat is surprisingly enjoyable...while it lasts. Depending on whether or not you have friends (that have their own copies of the game) to play against, you'll probably be done with the game in just a couple of hours.   
  R-Type III Review
,  The side-scrolling space shooter certainly seems to be the genre du jour for the Wii Virtual Console service right now. It's great to see a long-abandoned genre get another day in the sun, but if you didn't play these old console games back when they came on carts, it can be tough to discern any real differences between them at first blush. This is doubly troublesome with the release of both R-Type and R-Type III: The Third Lightning, a pair of space shooters that rely on roughly the same core gameplay gimmicks to differentiate themselves from still other space shooters. They both remain solid shooters, but R-Type III is slightly easier to recommend, as it improves on some of the concepts introduced in R-Type and also features flashier presentation and a less punishing level of difficulty.  
  Super Mario Bros. Review
,  It might be 2007, but you know what? Lakitu is still totally awesome. So are goombas, koopa troopas, koopa paratroopas, and buzzy beetles. And don't even get us started about the Hammer Bros. Those guys throw 
  R-Type Review
,  The side-scrolling space shooter certainly seems to be the genre du jour for the Wii Virtual Console service right now. It's great to see a long-abandoned genre get another day in the sun, but if you didn't play these old console games back when they came on carts, it can be tough to discern any real differences between them at first blush. This is doubly troublesome with the release of both R-Type and R-Type III: The Third Lightning, a pair of space shooters that rely on roughly the same core gameplay gimmicks to differentiate themselves from still other space shooters. They both remain solid shooters, but R-Type III is slightly easier to recommend, as it improves on some of the concepts introduced in R-Type and also features flashier presentation and a less punishing level of difficulty.  
  Online Chess Kingdoms Review
,  The game of chess dates back to ancient times, and seeing as how it's still widely played around the world in its traditional form, this seems like a good indication that no additions, improvements, spin-offs, sequels, or other departures are necessary. Nevertheless, here comes Online Chess Kingdoms, a PlayStation Portable game whose title pretty much says it all. The first two words may well be intriguing to you. While online chess dates back to the ancient times of the Internet, there's something to be said for the idea of having 
  Desperate Housewives: The Game Review
,  The typical video game player might quickly dismiss ABC's hit TV show 
  New Rally-X Review
,  This isn't your father's Rally-X. OK, wait, it is. Don't be fooled by the name: 
  Worldwide Soccer Manager 2007 Review
,  Football Manager 2007 is Sports Interactive's third game since leaving the Championship Manager name behind, and while it's a case of evolution rather than revolution, it turns screens of statistics into something so absorbing that it is possible to lose entire hours, days, and weeks of your life analyzing.  
  Novadrome Review
,  Novadrome certainly means well. This addition to the Xbox Live Arcade library is a 3D car combat game in which you speed around futuristic arenas in one of a variety of laser-spewing vehicles, crashing into and blowing up your rivals while grabbing different power-ups and trying to stay alive. Even the premise is pretty cool, as thin as it is: Evil robots have taken over Earth and forced us into this profoundly sinister competition if we want to live. Throw in a variety of game modes and online multiplayer support for up to eight players and you have what seems like a winning recipe for a fun little pick-up-and-play driving-and-shooting game. Unfortunately, Novadrome doesn't deliver on its promising concept, between its flatly generic presentation and its limp action.  
  Worldwide Soccer Manager 2007 Review
,  Given that the last PlayStation Portable edition of Sports Interactive's football management simulation was released only eight months ago, it's no surprise that the new version of the game is incredibly similar to its predecessor. In fact, aside from some additional leagues and a seasonal player update, very little has changed--although for football purists and armchair pundits alike, that's not necessarily a bad thing.  
  FIFA Manager 07 Review
,  FIFA Manager 07 is the second game in EA Sports' football management series, with German outfit Bright Future again handling development. Like other EA Sports titles, FIFA Manager 07 is highly accessible, attractively presented, and boasts a wealth of official team and player data. Because of this, FIFA Manager 07 is a great introduction for newcomers to the genre and is a gentler start than something like Football Manager 2007 might be.  
  Blazing Angels: Squadrons of WWII Review
,  Originally released on the Xbox 360 and other platforms nine months ago, Blazing Angels: Squadrons of WWII is now getting its turn on the PlayStation 3. Like the other versions, the PS3's Blazing Angels is a very standard mission-based air combat game that doesn't offer much of a challenge. But it's also the first flight game on the PlayStation 3, giving it some status as the first game to use the Sixaxis controller's tilt support for maneuvering an aircraft. That feels natural and works well, but it doesn't make up for the barren multiplayer servers and uninteresting single-player options.  
  Far Cry Vengeance Review
,  Around the launch of the Wii, some of us were concerned that publishers would go for the easy out by simply tacking on Wii motion controls to existing games, rather than building a game around the unique features of the Wii itself. With Far Cry Vengeance, Ubisoft did a little of both. This first-person shooter takes some of the content and plot elements that appeared in Far Cry Instincts Evolution for the Xbox and weaves in new sections and levels designed for the Wii. It's an interesting solution, because this allowed Ubisoft to recycle existing content while also creating some unique content for the Wii. However, Far Cry Vengeance is a game that delivers some mixed emotions, as well as plenty of lackluster visuals.  
  Blitz: Overtime Review
,  Blitz: Overtime is a PSP update to Blitz: The League, which was released last year on the Xbox and PS2, and earlier this year on the Xbox 360. Generally speaking, this is very much the same brand of over-the-top, bloodthirsty football the console games contained, but with more than a few caveats. First of all, the developer clearly couldn't get the game to run at the proper speed on the PSP hardware, no matter how many textures it blurred and lighting effects it removed. Secondly, the load times are just abysmal, lasting only slightly longer than the average pro football player's career. Yes, there's a bit of new content, and yes, the game that lays underneath all these technical gaffes is a fun one, but you'll be hard-pressed to enjoy it in the state it's in on the PSP.  
  Brothers in Arms D-Day Review
,  Remember that time last March when you and your squad fought the Nazis in France in Brothers in Arms: Road to Hill 30? How about seven months later, when you pretty much did the same thing in Brothers in Arms: Earned in Blood? Do you want to do it over again, but this time with controls ill-suited for the task? If you answered "yes" to these questions, then Brothers in Arms D-Day for the PlayStation Portable is for you. Everyone else will want to avoid D-Day because of its rehashed gameplay and poor controls, which make the game feel like just another console-to-PSP hack job where the makers of the game were just trying to make a quick buck.   
  Star Wars: Lethal Alliance Review
,  Star Wars games have run the gamut from terrible to superb, so it's always a crapshoot when a new one is released. Lethal Alliance on the Nintendo DS is a solid addition to the family. It's not a difficult game, nor does it share the same acrobatic feel of its PlayStation Portable counterpart. However, it makes up for the loss of the PSP version's cinematic flair with some special features of its own. Yet it also shares some of the same problems, like the unresponsive targeting system and generic level design. But even with some obvious flaws, Lethal Alliance is an enjoyable game with enough variety to please Star Wars fans looking for a shooter on the go.  
  Spider-Man: Battle for New York Review
,  It's amazing how one or two problems can totally ruin an otherwise decent game. The Game Boy Advance version of Spider-Man: Battle for New York wouldn't have won any praise for originality or for its audiovisual presentation, but it would have been a solid action romp, if only the hit detection weren't so broken and enemies weren't placed in surprise spots that make cheap damage the norm. For every moment you'll spend punching thugs and swinging through the air, you'll spend equal time being knocked back by hazards that aren't even close, being attacked by enemies you can't even see, and watching your attacks whiff.  
  Spider-Man: Battle for New York Review
,  Spider-Man: Battle for New York is a beat-'em-up where you control Spider-Man for roughly half of the game's approximately 20 levels and control his nemesis, the Green Goblin, for the other half. Generally speaking, you'll go through a level as the Goblin, which typically involves trashing some area of the city; then, for the next level, you'll go through the same area as Spidey and have to fix whatever calamities the green monster caused, rescuing any civilians in distress. Along the way, you'll also have to deliver beatdowns to the various gang members and S.H.I.E.L.D. agents that get in your way, as well as a number of powerful villains taken from Marvel's 
  Super Star Soldier Review
,  If you've ever heard a longtime video game player complain about how games these days are far too easy in general, chances are this is the type of person who would have appreciated Super Star Soldier around the time it hit the TurboGrafx-16 back in 1991. Developed by Hudson, a developer best known for its Bomberman series, Super Star Soldier was a fairly impressive but conventional shoot-'em-up in its day. Looking back on it now, the game still offers a pure and punishing level of challenge as only an arcade-style shoot-'em-up can. It's woefully inappropriate for anyone discouraged by the idea of having to meticulously memorize enemy patterns or use razor-sharp reflexes to avoid near-constant hailstorms of enemy bullets. But if all that sounds like fun, do check it out.  
  Avatar: The Last Airbender Review
,  Avatar: The Last Airbender for the Game Boy Advance is an action adventure featuring the characters and locations from Nickelodeon's popular cartoon show. You lead a party of three heroes through multiple portions of the Avatar world, using those characters' unique abilities to fight Fire Nation soldiers and work through puzzles that typically require some clever teamwork to solve. Even though the game's story isn't based on any specific episode of the show, fans will appreciate that the plot and dialogue hold true to the way key events and characters have been portrayed in the TV series. Meanwhile, the design borrows heavily from similar games--in particular, Nintendo's Legend of Zelda and Square-Enix's Sword of Mana--so while the game doesn't break any new ground, the combat and puzzles are generally satisfying.  
  Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Justice for All Review
,  Though it only made its first appearance in North America last year, Phoenix Wright (or Gyakuten Saiban) has been a popular series for the Game Boy Advance in Japan for quite some time. The first game released outside of Japan, Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney had all four of the cases found on the Japanese GBA game plus a Nintendo DS-exclusive case that made more extensive use of the handheld's touch screen and improved graphical capabilities. Thanks to an engrossing story, endearing characters, and engaging gameplay, the game was a surprise hit. Now the second game, Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney Justice for All, has been released, and like its predecessor, the story is top-notch and the characters are great. But the game fails to live up to the original in several ways. None of the cool DS-exclusive features introduced in the final case of the previous game are here, and far too often the game attempts to create intrigue and suspense with the same types of twists and turns from the original. Justice for All is still a very good game, but it's hard not to feel as if it's a step backward for the series.   
  Sam & Max Episode 2: Situation: Comedy Review
,  One of the strengths of episodic content is its flexibility. You can treat each episode like a separate storyline, or you can use it to tell the next chapter in an ongoing narrative. But you'll never know which path a storyteller is going to choose until you get to the second episode. Now that Situation: Comedy is out, it's easier to see how this new run of Sam & Max PC adventures is going to play out. For the most part, each episode stands on its own, but there's also an inkling of continuity starting to emerge. Situation: Comedy is a good adventure that complements the original episode nicely, but it also feels much shorter than the first episode. Also, though this installment has a terrific premise, you don't get to do enough during the cooler parts of the game.  
  Rayman Raving Rabbids Review
,  On the PlayStation 2 and Wii, Rayman Raving Rabbids introduced a new style of Rayman game--a series of wacky minigames that revolved less around the armless platformer hero and more around the newly introduced villains, the rabbids. These buck-toothed, screeching rabbit creatures were some of the most endearingly silly villains put into a game in recent years, and the focus almost exclusively on them in those previous versions of Raving Rabbids is what made the games so much fun. On the GBA, Rayman goes back to his platforming ways, which by itself is a fine thing. The trouble is that the adventure itself is completely boring. The level designs offer little in the way of interesting gameplay, the controls are a bit spotty, and the rabbids have been relegated to generic bad-guy duty, showing almost zilch of the personality that made them so popular in the Wii and PS2 versions.  
  March of the Penguins Review
,  Just as the title suggests, the video game rendition of March of the Penguins is based on the award-winning film documentary about emperor penguins. In the game, you help the tuxedo-colored birds migrate inland, forage for food, and care for their young by solving puzzles and navigating mazes set in the harsh Antarctic wasteland. It may seem silly that a company would make a video game out of a documentary, but the puzzles and subject matter actually mesh together fine. However, what isn't fine is that although the game is clearly aimed at younger players, the majority of puzzles require an adult-sized intellect to solve. Anyone that's still in elementary school will probably shut the game off in frustration long before finishing the first chapter. Conversely, anybody with two digits in their age should be able to work through each of the game's 12 puzzles, but they'll likely find no joy in doing so, because the graphics, audio, and overall presentation are geared toward simpler tastes and fall way behind the curve compared to most of the other games that are available for Nintendo's handheld systems.  
  WarioWare: Smooth Moves Review
,  Games this crazy shouldn't be this popular, should they? Video games that have you carefully guiding fingers into giant polygonal nostrils, slapping sleeping people until they wake up, or grating cell phones to bits with a cheese grater are meant to be niche games for weird kids, aren't they? Whatever...there's no sense in overthinking it because WarioWare is a fantastic series that gets even better on the Wii with Smooth Moves. As you might expect, this game is totally built around the Wii Remote and maintains, if not surpasses, the level of absolute random insanity that has made the whole series so appealing. It's a terrific use of the Wii's unique control features, it looks amazing, and in short, it should be a part of your library.  
  March of the Penguins Review
,  Just as the title suggests, the video game rendition of March of the Penguins is based on the award-winning film documentary about emperor penguins. In the game, you help the tuxedo-colored birds migrate inland, forage for food, and care for their young by solving puzzles and navigating mazes set in the harsh Antarctic wasteland. It may seem silly that a company would make a video game out of a documentary, but the puzzles and subject matter actually mesh together fine. However, what isn't fine is that although the game is clearly aimed at younger players, the majority of puzzles require an adult-sized intellect to solve. Anyone that's still in elementary school will probably shut the game off in frustration long before finishing the first chapter. Conversely, anybody with two digits in their age should be able to work through each of the game's 12 puzzles, but they'll likely find no joy in doing so, because the graphics, audio, and overall presentation are geared toward simpler tastes and fall way behind the curve compared to most of the other games that are available for Nintendo's handheld systems.  
  Naruto: Uzumaki Chronicles Review
,  Naruto Uzumaki, ninja-in-training and container of the nine-tailed demon fox, brawls his way through countless ninjas, bandits, monkeys, and more in Naruto: Uzumaki Chronicles for the PlayStation 2. There have been a number of straight one-on-one Naruto fighting games released in the US over the past few years, so this single-player action game, which usually pits you against a number of enemies at once, is a nice change of pace. The combat is accessible enough, and the game's unique skill-customization system can appeal to one's obsessive tendencies. A lack of variety both in the missions you take on and the actual combat, though, hurt the game's broader appeal.  
  Ms. Pac-Man Review
,  Ms. Pac-Man is the lady-friendly follow-up to Pac-Man. It's the same basic dot-chomping, maze-navigating concept, but it's expanded. There are now multiple mazes, the fruit hops around, and the cutscenes are slightly more elaborate. Oh, and Ms. Pac-Man has a bow on her head. Like the other Namco releases for Xbox Live Arcade, Ms. Pac-Man is a straight-up emulation of the original game with no additions beyond an online scoreboard, some achievements, and colorful side graphics that surround the emulation. If the idea of a bare-bones emulation of Ms. Pac-Man sounds like it's worth five bucks to you, then you're in luck. But the standards for Xbox Live Arcade are a bit higher than what this game offers.  
  Super Castlevania IV Review
,  These days, the Castlevania franchise is split in two: a middling series of 3D action games on the PlayStation 2 and an excellent line of Metroid-style castle romps on the Nintendo handhelds. But back in the day, Castlevania was a single series of diehard action platformers with a uniquely ghoulish theme. One of the best iterations of the early series, the Super Nintendo Entertainment System's Super Castlevania IV, is now available on the Wii's Virtual Console service. For your 800 Wii points, you get a sequence of visually interesting levels in which to battle a whole bunch of monsters in your quest to vanquish evil. It's a tough but satisfying action game that will probably make you remember how tough games used to be, which made up for their relatively short durations.  
  Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine Review
,  Originally released in 1993 for the Sega Genesis and now available on the Wii's Virtual Console, Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine is an Americanized version of the popular Japanese puzzle game Puyo Puyo. Like so many other puzzle games from the time period, Mean Bean Machine's premise is simple, but the gameplay is quite challenging. It's still a fun game after all of these years, though there are many other, cheaper ways to get your Puyo Puyo fix.  
  Wario's Woods Review
,  Can you name the last licensed game for the Nintendo Entertainment System? That's right, it's Wario's Woods, a quirky, cute puzzler that was released for the NES in 1994. Because it was released so late in the system's life, many people missed out on this fun puzzle game. So it's fitting that it's one of the first titles available on the Virtual Console. It's hard not to be disappointed that Nintendo chose to release the NES version of the game rather than the superior Super NES version, but this incarnation is still an addictive and surprisingly complex game.  
  Urban Champion Review
,  Urban Champion was a dumb game when it was released on the Nintendo Entertainment System back in the mid-'80s, but since standards were a bit lower back in those days, there's a chance that you might have somewhat fond memories of playing the original release. Now this dumb street-fighting game is available on the Wii, and it's a perfect emulation that faithfully re-creates everything that made the NES game so one-dimensional. If you hold some kind of weird nostalgia for this game, playing it over again on the Wii will provide exactly two "what was I thinking?" moments. The first one comes when you realize that Urban Champion isn't much fun. The second moment hits when you realize you just blew 500 Wii points on this stinker.  
  Mazes of Fate Review
,  There aren't a whole lot of role-playing games like Mazes of Fate on the Game Boy Advance, but that doesn't keep it from feeling like a relic of early game design. Like 2002's Eye of the Beholder, it hearkens back to the PC dungeon crawlers of the early '90s, and the bulk of the game is spent exploring the titular mazes from a first-person perspective. It succeeds reasonably well as a handheld modernization of a traditional experience and is moderately entertaining when running on all cylinders. But most of Maze of Fate's value is nostalgic, and it eventually gets bogged down by tedium, thanks to all those corridors, the simple combat, and a promising story that's unfortunately assigned only a supporting role.  
  Metal Slug Anthology Review
,  After years of scattered, piecemeal releases on various home consoles, SNK marks the 10th anniversary of the original Metal Slug by rolling up all seven Metal Slug arcade games into a single package with Metal Slug Anthology. It's a must-have for Metal Slug completists, if for nothing else, because it marks the first time that the relatively new Metal Slug 6 has appeared anywhere other than Sammy's Atomiswave arcade hardware. However, those same completists will likely be bothered by the unfortunate peppering of short-but-noticeable in-game load times found in all of the games. The Wii controller isn't ideal for Metal Slug, and though there are five different control schemes that make varying use of the system's motion controls, they all feel gimmicky. None are as responsive as a standard control setup, making the use of a GameCube controller all but necessary. Yet even with these burdens, the series' comically violent style and relentless action still make for a singularly awesome experience: one as effective for fresh-faced draftees as it is for vets of multiple Metal Slug missions.  
  GripShift Review
,  Originally released in September of 2005 for the PlayStation Portable, GripShift was an interesting albeit flawed platform/driving game, and it's now available as a downloadable title for the PlayStation 3. Developer Sidhe Entertainment has gone back and addressed many of the original game's problems, most notably the handling, which is much better now. Unfortunately it also removed some content, such as the track editor and bonus games. As a result, anyone who spent time with the original game won't find much value with the PS3 version, but anyone looking for an enjoyable puzzle/driving/platformer might find GripShift an enjoyable way to pass the time.  
  Summon Night: Swordcraft Story 2 Review
,  Summon Night: Swordcraft Story 2 is a lighthearted role-playing game that satisfies the need to explore dungeons, collect items, fight evil monsters, and save the world. But the game's simplicity works against it at times, making it feel somewhat limited compared to other role-playing games, which are typically much more far-reaching and complex. The generic story and tiny world of Swordcraft Story 2 are disappointing, but once you get past that, you'll find yourself having a lot of fun with the endearing characters, rewarding weapon-crafting system, and frequent boss battles.      
  Karaoke Revolution Presents: American Idol Review
,  Konami's Karaoke Revolution series and the talent-search phenom 
  Baseball Review
,  Following Soccer, Tennis, and Ice Hockey, Baseball is the fourth NES sports game from Nintendo to hit the Wii's Virtual Console. While even after all these years Ice Hockey is still a blast to play, time wasn't so kind to Soccer and Tennis. And now time has claimed another victim: Baseball.  
  RACE - The WTCC Game Review
,  Although GTR 2 was only released a couple of months ago, Swedish outfit SimBin has been working flat out on the follow-up title, Race - The WTCC Game. In many respects the two titles look and feel similar, but there are crucial differences that make Race a compelling game in its own right.  
  Delta Force: Black Hawk Down: Team Sabre Review
,  OK, try this idea on: Take a nearly 2-year-old PC expansion pack for a nearly 3-year-old middling shooter that's very loosely based on a 5-year-old movie and port it to a more than 6-year-old system. If your immediate reaction was "No, that wouldn't be good at all...just, no," then you would be correct. Unfortunately, not everyone shares that seemingly self-evident wisdom, so Delta Force: Black Hawk Down: Team Sabre from developer Rebellion has been unleashed upon the masses. And though this PlayStation 2 version does address some of the issues that hampered its PC counterpart, it introduces far more problems than it fixes and clips out a significant amount of content. What you're left with is an equally frustrating, slightly incoherent, borderline busted, impedingly ugly-looking game.  
  Polarium Advance Review
,  Originally released in the middle of 2005, Polarium was one of the first original puzzle games developed for the Nintendo DS. The tile-flipping gameplay was a good fit for the DS's touch-screen controls, so a Game Boy Advance translation of the concept doesn't seem like an obvious choice. Then again, the simple elegance of Polarium's design carries over to Nintendo's older portable platform quite well. The result is Polarium Advance, an understated puzzle game without much personality but with plenty of brainteasers to keep you busy for a while.  
  Donkey Kong Jr. Review
,  Much like the version of Donkey Kong that hit the Wii's Virtual Console a few weeks back, Donkey Kong Jr. is a port of the NES version of the game--not the arcade original. But this fact is less of a detriment to the game than it was in Donkey Kong, as none of the original arcade game's levels have been removed this time around. Yes, Donkey Kong Jr. is fully intact, but that means you only get four full levels to play through. And though it was certainly a great game for its time, it's hard to get terribly into such a simplistic and brief platformer in this day and age. It's even harder to justify paying 500 Wii points ($5) for it.  
  Victoria: Revolutions Review
,  As a cheap online-purchase-only expansion to 2003's Victoria: An Empire Under the Sun, Revolutions does its job reasonably well. While it doesn't change or enhance enough of the core game to attract players turned off by the original's extreme attention to detail, convoluted interface, and design flaws, it contains so many subtle tweaks and improvements that it is a must-buy for fans. The only drawback is that this $10 expansion probably should have been offered as a free patch.  
  Star Trek: Legacy Review
,  It seems like a can't-lose proposition: a Star Trek game, arriving in the year of the franchise's 40th anniversary and featuring nothing but glorious starship combat, as well as the voices of all five Star Trek captains. That sounds like paradise to Trek fans starved after an unexpected hiatus from new games over the past several years. And in some ways, this is true, at least if you're playing Star Trek Legacy on the Xbox 360. The Xbox 360 version is similar in many ways to the PC version, but the big difference is that while the PC version is plagued with bugs and broken features, the Xbox 360 version works fine. And the control scheme that was awkward with the PC's keyboard and mouse is natural when used with the Xbox 360 controller. The result is a good starship combat game that feels right at home on the Xbox 360.  
  College Hoops 2K7 Review
,  Hot on the heels of the Xbox and Xbox 360 versions of College Hoops 2K7, 2K Sports has released the game for the PlayStation 2. While people that don't follow college hoops may dismiss the game as little more than NBA 2K7 with a different coat of paint, it's really much more. Sure there are similarities and both titles share the same game engine, but it's the details that separate the two. The best season-ending tournament in all of sports, raucous crowds with boisterous student sections, pep bands blaring fight songs, average players that sometimes dig deep for a special performance, and coaches that actually teach are just a few of the many differences between the two games. Unfortunately, there's one game that College Hoops 2K7 is just a little too similar to, and that's College Hoops 2K6. 2K7 is a good game, but it's hard not to be disappointed by the aging visuals and a lack of significant new features.  
  Dance Dance Revolution Ultramix 4 Review
,  The Ultramix subseries of Dance Dance Revolution was created for the Xbox, and it's set up to take advantage of a lot of what the Xbox has to offer, like downloadable content and online play. Ultramix 4 is Konami's compilation for 2006, and it contains much of what you'd expect from a DDR game, along with a few additional modes that change things up a bit. But regardless of the modes involved, DDR fans will either love or hate Ultramix 4, and which side of the fence you come down on depends almost entirely on what they think of the song list.  
  Elebits Review
,  If you're looking for a game that demonstrates the kinds of crazy gameplay the Wii is capable of producing with its motion sensing controls, Elebits may be right up your alley. Functionally it's a first-person shooter for younger audiences, and the goal is less to shoot and more to capture. Think of it like Ghostbusters, except that instead of ghosts, you're capturing teensy creatures called elebits. Each world in the game is littered with tons of elebits, and many of them are hiding from you. You use a unique capture gun to not only snatch up the little buggers, but also move objects around the environment. It's as though someone at Konami got hold of Half-Life 2's gravity gun and concocted a fairy tale around its technology. The result is a slightly repetitive but oddly engaging mix of shooting and puzzling that isn't challenging but is pretty fun.  
  Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Vegas Review
,  Fans of the Rainbow Six games for the PC have had every reason of late to be bitter. The popular tactical shooter franchise originally began on the PC and offered up the first realistic tactical shooting action around. However, over the past few years Rainbow Six fully migrated to the various consoles, and the hardcore, realistic action was watered down quite a bit. So there will be a tendency by PC fans to want to ignore Rainbow Six Vegas, which would be a mistake. Yes, Rainbow Six Vegas is essentially a direct port of an Xbox 360 game, but Ubisoft has done an incredible job of reinvigorating Rainbow Six. The gameplay has been refreshed and reinvented, and Rainbow Six Vegas offers up some of the best tactical shooting action on the PC.  
  One Piece: Pirates Carnival Review
,  The great thing about Japan's entertainment industry is that it quite often seems like the people making it are completely out of their minds. Case in point, 
  The Legend of Zelda: Twilight Princess Review
,  When game consoles transitioned from offering primarily 2D games to polygonal 3D games about 10 years ago, all of the tricks and gameplay ideas that developers had been relying on for years flew right out the window. During this time, Nintendo quickly found its footing and released masterful takes on its old franchises that retained the fun and feeling of the older games while properly updating them in exciting and impressive new ways. 1998's The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time was a prime example of this. It featured a more realistic take on the series' fantasy world than ever before, while implementing innovative new controls and offering a good sense of freedom without making the player feel lost. It's one of the greatest games of all time, so it's hard to fault Nintendo for revisiting that same formula. And that's precisely what the latest game in the series, Twilight Princess, does. For the most part, that's a very good thing, because Twilight Princess is a lengthy adventure packed with many well-designed puzzles and some interesting characters. But once you get over the rush of excitement from a big, new Zelda game having finally arrived, it's hard not to feel a tinge of disappointment--there's a very noticeable lack of evolution here, which makes aspects of the game seem more dated than classic. Even so, there isn't much out there that compares to Twilight Princess, except for the Zelda games that have come before it.  
  One Piece: Pirates Carnival Review
,  The great thing about Japan's entertainment industry is that it quite often seems like the people making it are completely out of their minds. Case in point, 
  Flyboys Review
,  For a purported war epic, 
  Yggdra Union Review
,  What's a princess to do when her castle is suddenly besieged by a ruthless neighboring empire? Fight back, that's what--and there's plenty such fighting to be had in Yggdra Union, a complex strategy role-playing game for the Game Boy Advance. If you've played and enjoyed other strategy RPGs like the Fire Emblem games, Final Fantasy Tactics Advance, or Tactics Ogre, then you'll find that this one shares a lot of common themes, yet the gameplay itself is utterly different. So different, in fact, that Yggdra Union has an unusually steep learning curve, layering abstractions upon abstractions and taking many unconventional approaches to this style of game. This isn't a bad thing--quite the contrary--though it means you'll need to be patient to appreciate this unusual game.  
  Barnyard Review
,  Like most of the other GameCube games that have been ported to the Wii, Barnyard takes advantage of the Wii's motion-sensitive controls and has undergone a modest graphical upgrade, but it's otherwise identical to the original GameCube release. However, unlike many of those other games, the waggle controls in Barnyard work great and give the game a more hands-on feel, while the uptick in visual quality makes the farm and the characters on it look that much nicer. Although those improvements don't fully justify the $20 price difference between the two versions, they do at least give Wii owners a reason to choose that version if they or their kids have already decided to add Barnyard to the home game library. Ultimately, what matters most is that the game itself is fun and diverse. Instead of leading you through a series of run-and-jump missions that simply duplicate the film's story, like the majority of movie-inspired games do, Barnyard lets you explore the farm, talk to characters, and tackle dozens of missions, minigames, and collect-a-thon checklists on an open-ended basis. It's that freedom of discovery, combined with the charming anthropomorphism underpinning the characters, that helps set Barnyard apart from all of the other movie-based games out there.  
  Super Swing Golf Review
,  The golfing game that is part of the Wii Sports disc that comes with every new Wii (at least in North America) isn't a particularly good representation of the sport, and it only has nine holes. But it is kind of fun in a "tech-demo" sort of way, and if nothing else, it leaves you craving a more fleshed-out golf game. And now, just weeks after the system's launch, that game has arrived in the form of Super Swing Golf, an entertaining and extremely quirky, albeit sometimes frustrating, golf game from Tecmo.  
  Ice Age 2: The Meltdown Review
,  
  Full Auto 2: Battlelines Review
,  The original Full Auto debuted on the Xbox 360 and tried to be a thrilling combat racing game but ultimately failed. The explosions were cool, but the handling was bad, the car physics made everything feel weightless, and the weapons weren't much fun to use. Full Auto 2: Battlelines has switched sides and is exclusively available on the PlayStation 3. It makes some changes to how you outfit your vehicle, attempts to add a storyline, and adds a new arena mode that makes it a bit more like the car combat games of old. But it doesn't fix the core problems of the first game, so all the new modes only serve to make the bad handling, questionable physics, and dull weaponry stand out that much more. Whether you're familiar with the previous game or not, this game probably isn't for you.  
  Bomberman Land Touch! Review
,  When Bomberman DS was released in the summer of 2005, Nintendo's Wi-Fi Connect service wasn't yet up and running. If you wanted to get a multiplayer game going, you had to invite people over and cram them into the same room. While that might have been fine for people with plenty of friends and large homes, it certainly wasn't optimal for loners, apartment dwellers, or anyone that desired to compete against people outside their local area. Thankfully, Wi-Fi Connect is going strong now, and Atlus and Hudson have responded by publishing a Bomberman game that takes advantage of the service. With Bomberman Land Touch!, you no longer have to organize meet ups to get in a few rounds of explosive goodness. Instead, you can use your Internet connection to seek out opponents in mere seconds and flaunt your bomb battling skills anytime you want.  
  Eragon Review
,  Eragon on the PSP might as well be called Saphira. Whereas all of the other video game versions of Eragon put you in the shoes of the titular hero, the PSP version puts you in the role of Saphira, Eragon's scaly blue dragon companion. It seems like a great idea to make a flight combat game starring a bunch of dragons, but unfortunately Eragon is grounded by some frustrating control problems and unfortunate level designs. But despite those problems, there is some fun to be had by flying around as a dragon, chomping on goats, dropping boulders on enemy structures, and spitting fire at flying foes.  
  Star Trek: Legacy Review
,  It seems like a can't-lose proposition: A Star Trek game, arriving in the year of the franchise's 40th anniversary and featuring nothing but glorious starship combat, as well as the voices of all five Star Trek captains. That sounds like paradise to Trek fans starved after an unexpected hiatus of new games over the past several years. However, if you're a Trek fan, prepare to have your hopes dashed. Star Trek: Legacy limps out of development like the Excelsior trying to chase the Enterprise in 
  World Series of Poker: Tournament of Champions Review
,  The 2006 World Series of Poker has come and gone, but the onslaught of World Series of Poker-licensed video games hasn't quite come to a halt. Activision's World Series of Poker: Tournament of Champions has made its debut on the Wii, and in almost every way, this is the exact same game released earlier in the year on the PlayStation 2, PC, and Xbox 360. Much like Activision's previous attempt to turn the World Series into a video game, Tournament of Champions does a serviceable, if unremarkable, job of emulating the event. This game does put a greater emphasis on its included pro players, but the gameplay is still a bit mundane, thanks to off-kilter artificial intelligence and awful presentation. On top of that, the Wii version strips out the online multiplayer, robbing the package of much of its value.  
  Assault Heroes Review
,  Assault Heroes is a new game that was developed specifically for Xbox Live Arcade. While it isn't a remake or an emulation of any specific arcade game, it most definitely takes its cues from some great old arcade and console games. Assault Heroes takes the driving-and-shooting cooperative action of Jackal, gives it the dual-joystick control of Smash TV, and then gives it the out-of-your-car gameplay of The Speed Rumbler. OK, maybe those references are a little too esoteric. To put it simply, Assault Heroes is a very cool dual-joystick top-down shooter that puts you behind the wheel of an armored assault vehicle and gives you tons of enemies to blow up.  
  Gunstar Heroes Review
,  By 1993, the Sega Genesis had long since grown into maturity, and many fans of Sega's 16-bit console started to think they'd seen it all. Then came Gunstar Heroes, from a previously unheard-of Japanese developer called Treasure, and it became one of the best run-and-gun action games available for a system that had already seen dozens of such games. Gunstar Heroes draws its influence from great arcade hits like Contra, Strider, and Street Fighter II but features its own distinct style, manic action for one or two players, and various innovative touches that make this still one of the best games of its kind. A cult classic if ever there was one, Gunstar Heroes isn't one of the most recognizable names from the Genesis era despite being one of the better games for the system, so it's fortunate you can now experience it in a pixel-perfect emulation as part of the Wii Virtual Console service.  
  Tennis Review
,  Released in late 1985, Tennis was one of the first sports games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Though it may not seem very impressive now, Tennis was a substantial improvement over the Pong clones that had been passed off as tennis games up to that point. But unlike Ice Hockey, the game hasn't aged all that well. While it can be fun to play a few rounds here and there for nostalgic purposes, it's difficult to recommend when you consider the Wii already comes with a tennis game.  
  Alien Crush Review
,  Nintendo's Virtual Console service is a great way for people to reconnect with the games of their youth. It also gives them an opportunity to play classic games that they may have missed because the games either were before their time or were for a system they didn't own. One such example is Alien Crush, a pinball game that, until now, was enjoyed only by the handful of TurboGrafx-16 owners. Now, the game is available for just 600 Wii points on the Wii's Virtual Console, and it's worth every penny.  
  Space Harrier II Review
,  Back when the Sega Genesis arrived in North America in the late '80s, it promised arcade-quality graphics and gameplay that were a big step up from anything that video game consoles had offered to date. These promises only turned out to be half true; even though Genesis games looked substantially better than what you could get on, say, the Nintendo Entertainment System, they typically weren't as impressive as their video arcade counterparts. Take Space Harrier II, for instance. Developed for the Sega Genesis, this sequel to Sega's then-stunning 1985 arcade classic offered more of the same style of simple, behind-the-back shooting action that made for an intense and challenging experience. However, Space Harrier II's presentation wasn't as good as the arcade original's, and it didn't offer anything new gameplaywise to make up for it. Now available on the Wii's Virtual Console service, Space Harrier II is valuable only to those nostalgic for this game or those looking to unearth what's more or less a footnote in the history of shoot-'em-ups.  
  Luxor: The Wrath of Set Review
,  Luxor: The Wrath of Set is an ancient Egyptian take on the action puzzle genre, a genre that counts among it such other games as Zuma Deluxe and Ballistic. What's here is mostly a no-frills port of the year-and-a-half-old PC game Luxor, which will be seeing a sequel for the PC in less than a month. If you're crossing the Sahara with only PSP puzzle games to keep you entertained, you might as well bring along Luxor, assuming the camel can bear the weight of one more UMD. But thanks to a lackluster presentation and gameplay that doesn't stay interesting for long, you probably won't be busting it out until you've worked your way through the PSP's other great puzzle games--or until you're suffering from heatstroke.  
  Silent Heroes Review
,  Only gamers who need to play a WWII real-time strategy every other week will want to bother with Silent Heroes: Elite Troops of WWII. This production of Russia's Dark Fox, available online via Paradox Interactive's Gamer's Gate, is being billed as a stand-alone expansion to 2004's highly regarded Soldiers: Heroes of World War II; however, it plays like more of a quickie knockoff. Extremely hard difficulty, the complete absence of any multiplayer modes, some artificial intelligence problems, and a few bugs mean that it doesn't come close to living up to its predecessor.  
  Happy Feet Review
,  Games based on kid-friendly properties don't need to be inferior. It's a shocking sentiment, but games like Cars and Barnyard prove that an animated film can produce more than a cheap cash-in. It's too bad that Midway and Warner Brothers missed the memo and churned out another lame movie game that sucks the happiness right out of Happy Feet. As a licensed product, it's mediocre, with enough charming moments to rescue it from the immediate bargain-basement abyss. But as a game, it's an absolute insult and more likely to put kids to sleep than it is to entertain them.   
  Columns Review
,  It took only a little while for other developers to catch on after Tetris took the world by storm in the late '80s. That brilliantly designed puzzle classic inadvertently inspired an untold number of derivative games, which replaced Tetris' multicolored blocks with all kinds of different things, while retaining that game's basic theme of having you prevent puzzle pieces from piling up. Columns is a typical example of this. Once a budget-priced Sega Genesis game, Columns is now available through the Wii's Virtual Console service. The gameplay can still be fun for a few hours, but it's nothing that countless other puzzle games haven't done better since.  
  Pimp My Ride Review
,  Based on the titular car-customization MTV show starring the self-proclaimed Mr. Black Bruce Willis himself, Xzibit, Pimp My Ride is a failure, primarily because it can't decide what it wants to be: Is it a driving game? Is it a series of awful driving minigames? Is it a car customization sim? Is it an unholy crossbreeding of all of the above? The answer is yes to that last one. It is this complete lack of dedication to making any one of the things it cobbles together fun that sinks it. It's too bad because X-to-the-Z's influence is stamped all over this game, and it does basically grasp what it is that makes such a silly show fun to watch. It's just not fun to play.  
  Pimp My Ride Review
,  Based on the titular car-customization MTV show starring the self-proclaimed Mr. Black Bruce Willis himself, Xzibit, Pimp My Ride is a failure, primarily because it can't decide what it wants to be: Is it a driving game? Is it a series of awful driving minigames? Is it a car customization sim? Is it an unholy crossbreeding of all of the above? The answer is yes to that last one. It is this complete lack of dedication to making any one of the things it cobbles together fun that sinks it. It's too bad because X-to-the-Z's influence is stamped all over this game, and it does basically grasp what it is that makes such a silly show fun to watch. It's just not fun to play.  
  Happy Feet Review
,  Games based on kid-friendly properties don't need to be inferior. It's a shocking sentiment, but games like Cars and Barnyard prove that an animated film can produce more than a cheap cash-in. It's too bad that Midway and Warner Brothers missed the memo and churned out another lame movie game that sucks the happiness right out of Happy Feet. As a licensed product, it's mediocre, with enough charming moments to rescue it from the immediate bargain-basement abyss. But as a game, it's an absolute insult and more likely to put kids to sleep than it is to entertain them.   
  The Ant Bully Review
,  Because the Wii is similar to the GameCube in terms of its hardware, it was inevitable that companies would try to capitalize on the Wii launch by quickly porting over games previously published for the GameCube. Of course, you'd reasonably expect the Wii versions of those games to flaunt graphical upgrades and additional content over their earlier GameCube counterparts. However, the Wii version of The Ant Bully isn't any better than the GameCube version that was released six months earlier. The game is still the same repetitive mess that it was on the GameCube, the motion-sensitive controls come across as an afterthought, and the murky graphics haven't improved even though the Wii is supposed to be capable of better.  
  Platypus Review
,  Originally released as PC shareware last year, Platypus is a side-scrolling shoot-'em-up set in a world made entirely of clay. There's no storyline to speak of, and all you really need to know is that while piloting your titular craft from left to right through six different environments, you need to shoot at everything that moves. The game's biggest selling point, at least as far its packaging is concerned, is its Claymation visuals; but for the most part those are less impressive than and certainly add nothing to the gameplay.  
  Cartoon Network Racing Review
,  Taking characters from a popular game or cartoon series, sticking them in some karts, and releasing a racing game just in time for the holidays is such a frequent occurrence that it's almost becoming a tradition. Keeping the spirit alive this year is Cartoon Network Racing for the Nintendo DS. The game does nothing that other kart racers haven't already done, but there's plenty of neat stuff to unlock, and the game does a decent enough job of mimicking the popular Mario Kart series that children may enjoy it.  
  Happy Feet Review
,  Anyone who has watched the movie 
  Cartoon Network Racing Review
,  Taking characters from a popular game or cartoon series, sticking them in some karts, and releasing a racing game just in time for the holidays is such a frequent occurrence that it's almost becoming a tradition in its own right. Keeping the spirit alive this year is Cartoon Network Racing for the PlayStation 2. The game does absolutely nothing that other kart racers haven't already done, and it doesn't do anything particularly well, either--the controls are complete mess and the action is slow. If there's one thing that kids and adults can both agree on this holiday season, it's that Cartoon Network Racing is a bad game.  
  Dominions 3: The Awakening Review
,  Dominions 3: The Awakening is a test of how much you are willing to invest in a strategy game. If you're the type who scoffs at reading manuals, who revels in state-of-the-art graphics, and who wants to be able to dive in and be successful in a game within minutes of installation, you'll be sorely disappointed. But if you are willing to invest the time to dig in and read a thick manual, experiment with more options and variations than you'll ever be able to completely explore in an average lifetime, and patiently learn a complex but well-designed game system, Dominions 3 will reward you with one of the richest strategy-gaming experiences available on the PC today.  
  Warhammer: Battle for Atluma Review
,  Battle for Atluma is a video game based on a collectible card game based on a tabletop game. Hence, there's a discernible disconnection between the PSP title and its original inspiration. As a literal translation of the Warhammer WarCry card game, Atluma is mildly successful. But as a video game, it's frigid and unappealing, thanks to a lack of personality and a dreary campaign.   
  Pocket Racers Review
,  An evil magician comes to your house one evening and turns you and all your party-going friends into a bunch of miniature cars. To combat this wicked wizard's nefarious deeds, you'll have to race through the various areas of your house. Only by crossing the finish line first will you win back the souls of your transformed pals. That's the ludicrous premise of Pocket Racers for the PlayStation Portable; unfortunately, that isn't the worst thing about this boring, clichéd combat racing game.  
  The Sims 2: Pets Review
,  The Sims series started on the PC as a popular and difficult-to-describe strategy game that let you control the lives of little computer people in the houses you built for them, as they loved, grew old, had families, and occasionally used the potty. Seven years, several different game platforms, and numerous editions later, the series has become known for offering zany humor, colorful graphics, a gibberish language that its "sim" characters speak (known as "simlish"), and cheerful music. However, the console versions of the Sims games never quite stacked up to the PC version, mainly because the console games tended to focus on collection-based minigames and unlocking hidden items. Also, they never seemed to capture the autonomous, unpredictable artificial intelligence that powered those happy little sims in the PC versions. However, The Sims 2: Pets for the PlayStation Portable is a full-featured port of the console versions of the same game with most of the content intact, including better AI for its sim characters. Unfortunately, it's difficult to enjoy because the game constantly stops dead in its tracks with load times.  
  SingStar Rocks! Review
,  Konami's Karaoke Revolution finally has stateside competition in SingStar Rocks!, a new PlayStation 2 karaoke game developed by Sony's London studio. SingStar is a prolific series in Europe--entries are available with subtitles like Party, Anthems, '80s, and more--but Rocks! marks the first time the franchise has appeared in the US. It contains a reasonably satisfying song lineup and is geared more toward the multiplayer party scenario than dedicated, career-based single-player singing. For your money, you also get a pair of pretty good microphones and a USB adapter that lets them interface with the PS2. The game is a little short on game modes and other frills, and diehard karaoke fans will likely find that the game lacks staying power, but SingStar Rocks! serves nicely as a casual singing-based game for those less discriminating songsters.  
  Eragon Review
,  As the biggest fantasy epic to hit the box office this holiday season, it's not surprising that 
  Ice Hockey Review
,  The first sports game available for the Wii's Virtual Console was Soccer, and it was an all-around dud. Things are looking up, however, as the next sports title to hit the service is the NES game Ice Hockey. Now almost 20 years old, the game's simple, fast-paced gameplay holds up surprisingly well.  
  Happy Feet Review
,  Like any decent movie tie-in, Happy Feet for the Game Boy Advance depicts a number of scenes from the animated film it's based on. You can relive young Mumble's first efforts to tap dance and his numerous attempts to woo Gloria, and you can take him out into the world to seek out the "aliens" that are stealing all of Antarctica's fish. The game isn't lengthy or challenging, but it does incorporate a varied mix of activities. Traditional run-and-jump levels are mashed together with underwater swimming and downhill sledding segments, as well as some downright impressive dance challenges that feature popular song recordings and involve pattern matching similar to what Konami has done in the Dance Dance Revolution series.  
  Mercury Meltdown Remix Review
,  Not long after the PSP was launched, a quirky, offbeat puzzler by the name of Mercury came out. The premise wasn't too far off the path beaten from games like Marble Madness and Super Monkey Ball, but because the usual ball was replaced with a blob of gelatinous mercury, all sorts of new challenges and potential hazards presented themselves. While it looked like a mere tech demo, Mercury proved to be one of the most addictive and challenging games of the PSP's initial run of games--emphasis on "challenging." A sequel in Mercury Meltdown hit the PSP just a couple of months ago, and now that sequel is appearing on the PlayStation 2 in "remixed" form. Remix, in this case, refers to the addition of a few new worlds and stages--it also happens to refer to a removal of all multiplayer support, an analog control scheme that makes the game markedly less challenging, and visuals that, while crisp and colorful, don't hold up nearly as well on a TV as they did on the PSP's screen. There's still an undeniably fetching puzzler to be found in Mercury Meltdown Remix, but it's hardly the ideal way to play the game.  
  EA Replay Review
,  Electronic Arts seems like one of the last companies to cash in on its past with some sort of retro compilation, but it has finally happened. EA Replay for the PSP is a collection of games from the 16-bit era. These Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Genesis games are re-created nearly perfectly on the PSP, which is great, but the game selection leaves a lot to be desired.  
  Tomb Raider: Legend Review
,  Companies haven't made the best effort to really show off the Nintendo DS's 3D capabilities thus far; but, as games like Tomb Raider: Legend prove, the system can push polygons and deliver cinematic experiences on a level that is to equal to the Nintendo 64 or the original Sony PlayStation. Thanks to the game's wicked hot 3D-graphics engine, fans of Lara Croft's adventures can experience the same sort of gunplay and environmental puzzles on the diminutive DS that they've been enjoying for years on consoles and computers. Her twin pistols, high-flying acrobatics, and swimming talents have made it onto a Nintendo DS cartridge relatively intact, as well as the 3D environments and video cutscenes that people have come to associate with the Tomb Raider franchise. While some intermittent gameplay issues occasionally get in the way of enjoying the game, Tomb Raider: Legend is otherwise a slick action adventure that should appeal to anyone who wants to raid tombs and gun down smugglers on the go.  
  Tomb Raider: Legend Review
,  Even though it's a side-scrolling platformer put together with 2D graphics, Tomb Raider: Legend for the Game Boy Advance manages to deliver the same sort of gunplay and environmental puzzles as the console versions of the game. Players must help Lara traverse eight massive levels, using her twin pistols and high-flying acrobatics to get past enemies and reach the deepest recesses of some of the world's most ancient ruins. The acrobatic puzzles in each level are fun and sometimes offer a healthy challenge. The game as a whole does a good job of keeping things varied with a liberal mix of gunfights, swimming sections, and motorcycle challenges.  
  Teen Titans Review
,  The Teen Titans cartoon show was canceled in early 2006, but that hasn't stopped publisher THQ from releasing a budget-priced beat-'em-up based on the license. As bad an idea as that sounds, the game is actually fairly enjoyable, simply because it delivers a lot of solid--if not especially gripping--content for not a lot of money. The most apparent flaws of Teen Titans are inherent to the genre, so if you can accept the shallow repetition of a straightforward button-mashing action game and you enjoy the cartoon it's based on, then you can't go wrong with Teen Titans the game. However, if you're expecting anything more than that, you're better off looking elsewhere.   
  Super Robot Taisen: Original Generation 2 Review
,  It's only been a few months since publisher Atlus graced us with an English-translated version of Super Robot Taisen: Original Generation, part of a long-running Japanese strategy role-playing game series that's like a dream come true for fans of giant robot anime. After all, the series combines mecha designs from just about every famous franchise into its own universe. However, Original Generation is different because, as the name suggests, it has a completely original cast of characters and mechs, though they're clearly inspired by the likes of 
  Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 Review
,  Capcom has been releasing compilations of its old arcade games for years, but the company reset its classics packages last year with the formation of a new series, Capcom Classics Collection. This year's follow-up contains 20 games from Capcom's back catalog, as well as some good extras and unlockables. If you're still interested in Capcom's old arcade releases, you'll find some bona fide classics on this disc, as well as some lesser-known games that may or may not grab you.  
  Capcom Classics Collection Vol. 2 Review
,  Capcom has been releasing compilations of its old arcade games for years, but the company reset its classics packages last year with the formation of a new series, Capcom Classics Collection. This year's follow-up contains 20 games from Capcom's back catalog, as well as some good extras and unlockables. If you're still interested in Capcom's old arcade releases, you'll find some bona fide classics on this disc, as well as some lesser-known games that may or may not grab you.  
  Rayman Raving Rabbids Review
,  Released alongside the launch of the Nintendo Wii, Rayman Raving Rabbids took Ubisoft's mascot platformer hero, Rayman, and shoved him into a world filled with bizarre minigames and evil, screeching bunnies. Not that the Wii launch was hurting for minigame collections, but Raving Rabbids was a success, simply because it combined its hilariously strange characters and the Wii's motion sensing technology into a highly playable and goofily enjoyable game. Now, mere weeks after the Wii release, Raving Rabbids has made its way to the PlayStation 2. This is still very much a minigame collection, but all the motion sensing controls have been replaced with the PS2's analog sticks and trigger buttons. The result is a more conventional series of minigames that succeed in spite of the control shift, due almost entirely to the still hilarious personality of those nasty rabbids.  
  History Channel: Civil War Review
,  There's no question that World War II is the war of choice for developers looking to make a first-person shooter based on real-life events. With no shortage of games based on the Second World War already on the market, including its own Call of Duty series, Activision has gone even further into the past--all the way back to 1861--for inspiration. Despite a somewhat unique setting for a first-person shooter, History Channel: Civil War is a run-of-the-mill affair that isn't likely to please Civil War buffs or, for that matter, anyone else.  
  History Channel: Civil War Review
,  There's no question that World War II is the war of choice for developers looking to make a first-person shooter based on real-life events. With no shortage of games based on the Second World War already on the market, including its own Call of Duty series, Activision has gone even further into the past--all the way back to 1861--for inspiration. Despite a somewhat unique setting for a first-person shooter, History Channel: Civil War is a run-of-the-mill affair that isn't likely to please Civil War buffs or, for that matter, anyone else.  
  History Channel: Civil War Review
,  There's no question that World War II is the war of choice for developers looking to make a first-person shooter based on real-life events. With no shortage of games based on the Second World War already on the market, including its own Call of Duty series, Activision has gone even further into the past--all the way back to 1861--for inspiration. Despite a somewhat unique setting for a first-person shooter, History Channel: Civil War is a run-of-the-mill affair that isn't likely to please Civil War buffs or, for that matter, anyone else.  
  Eragon Review
,  Eragon the video game is based on the movie, which itself is based on the book of the same name. It's a typical fantasy world full of dragons, wizards, and magic, which would seem to lend itself well to a video game adaptation in the vein of the very good series of Lord of the Rings action games that came out alongside those movies. In fact, the Eragon game bears a striking resemblance to those Lord of the Rings games, which only makes sense because the games were all developed by the same company. But while the Lord of the Rings games were well-polished action games, Eragon feels unfinished and lazily thrown together. It's the same basic hack-and-slash principle that's readily accessible to just about any fan of the film, but Eragon feels like a skeleton of a game that's been padded out with some licensed content. There's not nearly enough to make the game interesting or even remotely worth playing, though. The action is mindless and repetitive at best, and buggy and unresponsive at worst. In addition, the presentation ranges from bland to ugly, the game is short, the fixed camera angles are frustrating, and there is no online play. Even for a straightforward action game, Eragon has very little to offer.   
  Eragon Review
,  Eragon the video game is based on the movie, which itself is based on the book of the same name. It's a typical fantasy world full of dragons, wizards, and magic, which would seem to lend itself well to a video game adaptation in the vein of the very good series of Lord of the Rings action games that came out alongside those movies. In fact, the Eragon game bears a striking resemblance to those Lord of the Rings games, which only makes sense because the games were all developed by the same company. But while the Lord of the Rings games were well-polished action games, Eragon feels unfinished and lazily thrown together. It's the same basic hack-and-slash principle that's readily accessible to just about any fan of the film, but Eragon feels like a skeleton of a game that's been padded out with some licensed content. There's not nearly enough to make the game interesting or even remotely worth playing, though. The action is mindless and repetitive at best, and buggy and unresponsive at worst. In addition, the presentation ranges from bland to ugly, the game is short, the fixed camera angles are frustrating, and there is no online play. Even for a straightforward action game, Eragon has very little to offer.   
  Superman Returns: Fortress of Solitude Review
,  Games based on movies tend to come in the form of generic action romps, especially on the Game Boy Advance, so any departure from the norm is generally looked upon as a good thing. When fans of the man of steel go looking for a video game with their hero in it, they expect to find a game that lets them fly over Metropolis, pummel bad guys, and put the hero's superpowers to use in ways that are visually pleasing. They don't expect a puzzle game where Superman's powers are used as cheats to help solve logic problems. For that reason alone, most people are going to take a pass on this game. The few that don't will discover a passable puzzler that offers a decent selection of Sudoku-style puzzles, which also just so happens to bear the 
  Eragon Review
,  Eragon the video game is based on the movie, which itself is based on the book of the same name. It's a typical fantasy world full of dragons, wizards, and magic, which would seem to lend itself well to a video game adaptation in the vein of the very good series of Lord of the Rings action games that came out alongside those movies. In fact, the Eragon game bears a striking resemblance to those Lord of the Rings games, which only makes sense because the games were all developed by the same company. But while the Lord of the Rings games were well-polished action games, Eragon feels unfinished and lazily thrown together. It's the same basic hack-and-slash principle that's readily accessible to just about any fan of the film, but Eragon feels like a skeleton of a game that's been padded out with some licensed content. There's not nearly enough to make the game interesting or even remotely worth playing, though. The action is mindless and repetitive at best, and buggy and unresponsive at worst. In addition, the presentation ranges from bland to ugly, the game is short, the fixed camera angles are frustrating, and there is no online play. Even for a straightforward action game, Eragon has very little to offer.   
  Eragon Review
,  Eragon the video game is based on the movie, which itself is based on the book of the same name. It's a typical fantasy world full of dragons, wizards, and magic, which would seem to lend itself well to a video game adaptation in the vein of the very good series of Lord of the Rings action games that came out alongside those movies. In fact, the Eragon game bears a striking resemblance to those Lord of the Rings games, which only makes sense because the games were all developed by the same company. But while the Lord of the Rings games were well-polished action games, Eragon feels unfinished and lazily thrown together. It's the same basic hack-and-slash principle that's readily accessible to just about any fan of the film, but Eragon feels like a skeleton of a game that's been padded out with some licensed content. There's not nearly enough to make the game interesting or even remotely worth playing, though. The action is mindless and repetitive at best, and buggy and unresponsive at worst. In addition, the presentation ranges from bland to ugly, the game is short, the fixed camera angles are frustrating, and there is no online play. Even for a straightforward action game, Eragon has very little to offer.   
  Sonic Rivals Review
,  If there's one thing that Sonic does well, it's running really, really fast. It makes sense then that Sega would put the feisty hedgehog in a racing game that lets him do what he does best. That's exactly what Sonic Rivals is, and while it certainly has plenty of fast, exciting moments, it also has a lot of frustrating moments. But despite its flaws, Sonic Rivals is a fun game that puts an interesting twist on the classic Sonic gameplay.  
  Superman Returns: The Videogame Review
,  As you'd expect, Superman Returns for the Nintendo DS takes the story from the recent film and expands on it by incorporating tangents involving other villains from the DC Comics canon. Sadly, the story is the only aspect that the game comes close to getting right. There's nothing to the board game-style presentation except that it provides another means for you to fail and have to start over, and the action levels that populate the board are badly designed and full of problems that hamper your ability to complete them. To make matters worse, the graphics and audio throughout range from mediocre to downright ugly.  
  World Championship Poker: Featuring Howard Lederer - All In Review
,  Between the cheap and easy Texas Hold 'em for the Xbox Live Arcade and Activision's latest World Series of Poker game, there are a sufficient number of ways to get your poker on via the Xbox 360. Now you can add Crave's World Championship Poker: Featuring Howard Lederer - All In to the mix, though it's easily the weakest poker game available for the system. The computer-controlled players aren't terrible, but they're just as prone to ill-advised plays as any game out there, and some of the poker variations available suffer from bizarre hand repetition, which is a baffling problem.   
  Bonk's Adventure Review
,  History has been unkind to the TurboGrafx-16. As the third system in a three-way war against the Genesis and the Super Nintendo, it didn't receive a ton of software support, and it's easy to see why it never really took hold in North America. But that's not to say that the TG-16 didn't have its high points. It even had its own mascot who was ready, willing, and able to do battle with Mario and Sonic. Bonk is a kidlike caveman with a gigantic head that he can use to bash stuff. You use that head in Bonk's Adventure, a basic 2D platformer that helped define NEC's not-quite-16-bit platform. The game's charm shines through, even after all these years. But this game is so short and simple that it's hard to justify paying the 600 Wii points it'll take to get it from Nintendo's Virtual Console service.  
  Monster Bomber Review
,  If you could toss Space Invaders, Bust-A-Move, and air hockey into a blender, the result would probably turn out something like Monster Bomber. Majesco's latest budget puzzler takes the falling alien concept from Space Invaders and puts a new spin on it. Instead of shooting the descending invaders with lasers fired from a plain old spaceship, you eliminate the colorful ghastlies on the upper screen by flinging like-colored balls at them from the touch screen. There isn't a ton of strategy involved, and there aren't a lot of play modes, but the game's quick pace and hands-on nature should appeal to a number of people, especially those who prefer to get their game on in brief bursts throughout the day.  
  World Series of Poker: Tournament of Champions Review
,  The 2006 World Series of Poker has come and gone, with no-name TV producer Jamie Gold taking the $12 million dollar top prize. But soon enough the WSOP Tournament of Champions will find its way to ESPN, and alongside it you'll find World Series of Poker: Tournament of Champions for the PC. Like the regular World Series, this is a series of tournaments where players earn points and try to make their way into a final tournament to take home a huge cash prize. Much like Activision's previous attempt to turn the World Series into a video game, Tournament of Champions does a serviceable, if unremarkable, job of emulating the event. This year's game does put a greater emphasis on its included pro players, and the online multiplayer is certainly a draw, but the offline play is still a bit mundane, thanks to off-kilter artificial intelligence and awful presentation.  
  Eagle Eye Golf Review
,  If imitation truly is the most sincere form of flattery, then the folks who work for Hot Shots Golf developer Clap Hanz must be blushing nonstop with all of the flattery coming from Eagle Eye Golf, a budget-priced game that's absolutely shameless in how it apes the popular PlayStation golf series. The golfers look similar, the presentation is similar, the courses are similar...even the font used on the front of the box is nearly identical to Hot Shots Golf. Seeing as they have so much in common, it would be reasonable to assume that Eagle Eye Golf is just as entertaining as Hot Shots Golf, but that's not quite the case. The areas in which Eagle Eye deviates from the Hot Shots formula are some of the game's weakest points, and while it can be a fun game if you can look past these problems, the simple fact is that there are many other golf games that are better than this one.  
  Zatch Bell! Mamodo Fury Review
,  To the uninitiated, the intense, off-the-wall style of the anime Zatch Bell! might seem uniquely bizarre, but its premise is really quite simple. There's a cast of hyper, interesting characters backed by a crazy but entertaining plot that basically gives the characters a reason to fight one another. It's a design that works in publisher Namco Bandai's favor because it can just as easily be a video game as it can be anime, manga, or a collectible card game, which makes for seemingly endless opportunities to create effortless adaptations. And that's exactly what Zatch Bell! Mamodo Fury is--a simplistic game built on the notion that fans of the license don't want or need anything more than to see their favorite characters in yet another venue, with no regard for the depth or quality of the experience. To its credit, the game does deliver a sizable cast of characters, a lengthy story mode, and a handful of ancillary gameplay modes. However, there's nothing in Mamodo Fury to instill a greater appreciation for the Zatch Bell! universe, and the fighting is much too shallow and repetitive to be fun.   
  Tony Hawk's Project 8 Review
,  Tony Hawk's Project 8 is the first game in the series to be designed from the ground up for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. But Tony's not quite ready to leave the old systems behind just yet, so a version of Project 8 has also been released for the Xbox, PlayStation 2, and PlayStation Portable. The game has the same sort of skating goals that you'd expect from the series, but it makes a number of seemingly arbitrary control changes that'll stand out for you whether you've played other versions of Project 8 or not. The end result is a game that feels like some kind of crazy hack or bootleg version of the original game.  
  Tony Hawk's Project 8 Review
,  Tony Hawk's Project 8 is the first game in the series to be designed from the ground up for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3. But Tony's not quite ready to leave the old systems behind just yet, so a version of Project 8 has also been released for the Xbox, PlayStation 2, and PlayStation Portable. The game has the same sort of skating goals that you'd expect from the series, but it makes a number of seemingly arbitrary control changes that'll stand out for you whether you've played other versions of Project 8 or not. The end result is a game that feels like some kind of crazy hack or bootleg version of the original game.  
  Sonic Riders Review
,  Like most popular platformer franchises, the Sonic series has dabbled in the racing genre in the past with games like Sonic R for the Saturn. Despite the fact that Sonic's already-speedy nature might seem like a perfect fit for a racing game of some sort, the results of these attempts have been disappointing thus far. Sonic Riders is the latest attempt to get Sonic back on the race track, though this one eschews the typical kart- and foot-racing brands of racing usually found in a racer starring popular platformer heroes. Instead, Riders gives Sonic and pals their very own 
  Corvette Evolution GT Review
,  With its budget price tag and a title that misleadingly alludes to licensed cars from only one manufacturer, Corvette Evolution GT is a game that you could very easily overlook. That's unfortunate, because while Corvette Evolution GT isn't the best-looking, the most realistic, or even a particularly accessible driving game, it boasts a number of interesting features and rewards perseverance with more than enough enjoyable racing to justify its asking price. You won't find any online support here, and the game's split-screen options for two players are limited. Corvette Evolution GT's single-player career mode is a lot of fun, though, and this really is a game that gets better as you spend more time with it.  
  Capcom Classics Collection Reloaded Review
,  Capcom has released quite a few compilations of its old arcade lineup over the years, but it's only recently that it's started to get good. The Capcom Classics Collection series has appeared on consoles, and now it's in its second edition on the PSP with Capcom Classics Collection Reloaded. While a few of the emulations aren't perfect, and the load times are a little on the long side, a good lineup of games and some interesting out-of-game options make this installment worthwhile.  
  Justice League Heroes Review
,  Justice League Heroes takes much of what Snowblind Studios has done with swords and sorcerers in games like Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance and Champions of Norrath and applies it to the capes-and-tights crowd, which makes for a surprisingly good fit. It doesn't have quite the width or depth of Activision's competing Marvel: Ultimate Alliance, but the tone is decidedly campier here, and the experience is still faster paced and more approachable than Snowblind's more traditional action RPGs. Although some fans might sweat certain casting choices or liberties taken with the DC universe, there's plenty of high-quality fan service to make up for it.  
  Fight Night Round 3 Review
,  Fight Night may be the only boxing game in the business, but the lack of competition certainly hasn't made the champ soft. The perfectly precise and intuitive Total Punch Control mechanic, cringe-inducing knockout blows, and in-depth boxer creation mode are all accounted for in the latest installment in this fighting series, Fight Night Round 3. New to the series this time around are impact punches, a reworked career mode, a customizable boxing-style feature, and an all-new first-person boxing mode exclusive to the PlayStation 3. Admittedly, most of the improvements and updates found in Round 3 are merely incremental updates over Round 2, but they're still enough to warrant stepping into the ring for another bout, just as long as you haven't already played the game on the Xbox 360.   
  Eureka Seven - Vol. 1: The New Wave Review
,  Eureka Seven - Vol. 1: The New Wave is a prequel of sorts to the moderately popular anime and manga series 
  IGPX: Immortal Grand Prix Review
,  Living the immortal life can't be easy. After all, how insanely desensitized do you have to be to resort to battling mechs at unhealthy speeds miles above the Earth's surface just to get your kicks? Actually, IGPX: Immortal Grand Prix isn't really about immortals, and it certainly isn't about a never-ending race, but Namco Bandai clearly knows that a mech-based game that interlaces fighting and racing isn't worth its salt without a little hyperbole thrown into the mix. Unfortunately, what the developer seemingly failed to realize is that to pull off such a crazy concept, it'd need to provide engaging, accessible gameplay and perhaps an enjoyable storyline to accompany it. IGPX doesn't deliver on either count. However, if you can make it past the hideous visuals, baffling control interface, and fragmented story, you just might find a vindictively satisfying mech-combat racing game.   
  Kirby Squeak Squad  Review
,  Kirby's debut on the Nintendo DS in last year's Kirby: Canvas Curse was an interesting and entertaining departure from the simple platformers that HAL Laboratory's pink puff mascot was accustomed to in previous games. Focusing entirely on touch-screen controls, Canvas Curse may have still technically been a platformer, but its unique control method for moving a balled-up Kirby around the world made for a really entertaining style of gameplay. However, for Kirby's follow-up performance, it's back to the days of old--but that's not necessarily a bad thing. Kirby Squeak Squad gives Kirby his legs back and has him hopping, floating, and transforming through a series of colorful new worlds on a quest to take down a new group of baddies. Fans of Kirby's numerous platforming adventures will find a lot to like about Squeak Squad, though they'll rarely find themselves challenged by it.   
  Star Wars: Lethal Alliance Review
,  Star Wars games have run the gamut from terrible to superb, so it's always a crapshoot when a new one is released. Lethal Alliance is a thankfully enjoyable addition to the family. Its core shooting gameplay is strengthened by a mix of Prince of Persia-esque acrobatics and some truly excellent on-rails levels. That variety makes it easier to overlook generic level designs and other by-the-book shooter traditions. It's harder to get past the frustrating targeting system, though, and its specter hovers over almost every firefight. Even so, it's an accessible shooter that Star Wars fans will enjoy for its characters and action fans will appreciate for its diversity.  
  RoboBlitz Review
,  With a title like RoboBlitz, you would expect this Naked Sky Entertainment game to be some kind of amalgamation of an Isaac Asimov story and a futuristic Dallas Cowboys. But sorry, football fans, there isn't a pigskin in sight in this Steam-distributed action adventure about a good robot battling evil robots attempting to take over a space station. That's no loss, however, because the cutesy premise is the foundation for a catchy arcade experience blending puzzle-solving with action. Some irritating control problems and abbreviated length remind you that this isn't quite a full game, although it's hard to complain too much due to the $14.95 price tag and gorgeous looks derived from the Unreal 3 engine.  
  RoboBlitz Review
,  With a title like RoboBlitz, you would expect this Naked Sky Entertainment game to be some kind of amalgamation of an Isaac Asimov story and a futuristic Dallas Cowboys. But sorry football fans; there isn't a pigskin in sight in this Xbox Live Arcade-distributed action adventure for the 360, which is actually about a good robot battling evil robots that are attempting to take over a space station. That's no loss, however, because the cutesy premise is the foundation for a catchy arcade experience blending puzzle solving with action. Control problems and an abbreviated length remind you that this isn't quite a full game (even though it is pretty expensive at 1,200 points), although it's still easily the most ambitious game released for the 360 via XBL so far.  
  Heroes of Annihilated Empires Review
,  It's hard not to wonder how good a hero you are if your empire is annihilated. Yet there's more amiss in GSC Game World's strategy/role-playing hybrid than its awkward title. Heroes of Annihilated Empires is pleasant but inelegant, clumsily cobbling together a mishmash of ideas in a congenial wrapper that's too friendly to hate and too half-baked to love. Every good idea is hobbled by poor execution, yet Heroes exudes an undeniable charm that tries hard to make up for a myriad of shortcomings. But in the end, it's just not enough to overcome broken features and a nagging suspicion that the game simply wasn't ready to be shipped.  
  Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi 2 Review
,  Though Atari seemed to have established a pretty comfortable rhythm with the first three Dragon Ball Z: Budokai fighting games, it chose to shake things up with last year's spin-off, Dragon Ball Z: Budokai Tenkaichi. It strayed from the conventional fighting game format in favor of a third-person perspective and more-free-roaming action, and the fighting felt a bit more technical, though not necessarily any deeper. Its newly released sequel does little to address the clunky, somewhat limited combat of the original, though a wealth of playable characters all but ensures that this game will get its hooks into fans eager to fight as their favorite Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball GT characters.  
  Avatar: The Last Airbender Review
,  Games based on cartoons that are popular with kids, teens, and adults have often struggled under the weight of trying to appeal to each audience simultaneously. After all, it's not easy to make a game that a parent will enjoy as much as their child. Such is the case with Avatar: The Last Airbender, an action role-playing game based on the popular Nickelodeon show of the same name. The game has some interesting, yet underused, RPG elements, and the fighting system initially appears as if it has some depth, but the overall game is so simple and easy you'll never need to do much more than mash on the attack button to see the story through to its conclusion.  
  Avatar: The Last Airbender Review
,  Games based on cartoons that are popular with kids, teens, and adults have often struggled under the weight of trying to appeal to each audience simultaneously. After all, it's not easy to make a game that a parent will enjoy as much as their child. Such is the case with Avatar: The Last Airbender, an action role-playing game based on the popular Nickelodeon show of the same name. The game has some interesting, yet underused, RPG elements, and the fighting system initially appears as if it has some depth, but the overall game is so simple and easy you'll never need to do much more than mash on the attack button to see the story through to its conclusion.  
  Avatar: The Last Airbender Review
,  Games based on cartoons that are popular with kids, teens, and adults have often struggled under the weight of trying to appeal to each audience simultaneously. After all, it's not easy to make a game that a parent will enjoy as much as their child. Such is the case with Avatar: The Last Airbender, an action role-playing game based on the popular Nickelodeon show of the same name. The game has some interesting, yet underused, RPG elements, and the fighting system initially appears as if it has some depth, but the overall game is so simple and easy you'll never need to do much more than mash on the attack button to see the story through to its conclusion.  
  Avatar: The Last Airbender Review
,  Games based on cartoons that are popular with kids, teens, and adults have often struggled under the weight of trying to appeal to each audience simultaneously. After all, it's not easy to make a game that a parent will enjoy as much as their child. Such is the case with Avatar: The Last Airbender, an action role-playing game based on the popular Nickelodeon show of the same name. The game has some interesting, yet underused, RPG elements, and the fighting system initially appears as if it has some depth, but the overall game is so simple and easy you'll never need to do much more than mash on the attack button to see the story through to its conclusion.  
  Rapala Tournament Fishing Review
,  One of the big complaints with fishing games of the past was the need to purchase a separate controller to accurately simulate the mechanics that are such a big part of the sport. The Nintendo Wii's unique control doesn't have that problem because the Wii Remote is a natural substitute for the traditional rod-and-reel controller. Unfortunately, the unresponsive controls and monotonous gameplay in Rapala Tournament Fishing, the first full-fledged fishing game to take advantage of the Wii Remote, don't make it worth a cast.  
  The Lord of the Rings, The Battle for Middle-earth II, The Rise of the Witch-King Review
,  Over the course of two Battle for Middle-earth games, EA has managed to thoroughly explore the events of J.R.R. Tolkien's 
  Cars Review
,  It has appeared on just about every other platform known to man, so it only makes sense that Cars, the video game based on the world of talking vehicles depicted in Pixar's animated film of the same name, would find its way to the Wii eventually. This is the same exact game released on multiple other consoles earlier in the year, but now the game includes some Wii-specific motion sensing controls. However, unlike the majority of other ports that have come Wii-side as of late, the motion controls in Cars don't feel broken or poorly shoveled in. These controls don't fundamentally make the game better, but steering the car feels natural and intuitive enough to be fun. Unfortunately, some of the game's previously enjoyable minigames are made less so by their respective control schemes. There are also some bugs and quirks unique to the Wii version that give the distinct impression this game absolutely, positively had to be out in time for the system's launch.   
  NRA Gun Club Review
,  Near the end of a platform's life, a whole new type of budget game starts coming out. It's the nearly broken budget game that's targeted at people who own a console but aren't likely to be upgrading to the next set of consoles anytime soon. It's for the "casual" player, the type of person swayed by the design of the box cover and the low, low price of $19.95. Unfortunately, these games are often the most vile, underproduced games out there. NRA Gun Club, a target-shooting game from Crave, is just such a game. It's disgustingly ugly, nearly silent, and shallow in a way that will put off anyone, whether a firearms enthusiast or not.  
  Pokemon Ranger Review
,  You'll really get to put the Nintendo DS touch screen to good use in Pokémon Ranger, a spin-off of the popular series that requires a very hands-on approach to capture all those hundreds of different pocket monsters. Though the game retains some of the same role-playing elements as the traditional Pokémon titles, rather than facing off against the critters in turn-based battles, you'll instead have to ensnare them by drawing circles around them as they skitter about the screen. This turns out to be more interesting and challenging than it initially appears. Pokémon Ranger's unique touch-screen controls, good-sized quest, and bright, colorful 2D graphics add up to a solid game.  
  The Elder Scrolls IV: Knights of the Nine Review
,  One of the many great things about The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion is that even though it features well over 100 hours of excellent role-playing gameplay out of the box, it includes the potential for much more. Following the release of Oblivion for the PC and Xbox 360, publisher Bethesda Softworks proceeded to supplement both versions of the game with downloadable content packs, leading up to the most ambitious one yet in Knights of the Nine. Knights of the Nine is a full-on quest line along the lines of Oblivion's main series of subquests, such as for the fighters guild or the thieves guild. It involves you seeking out a way to defeat a dangerous villain once thought to be dead, while restoring a sacred order of knights to its former glory. The six to 10 hours it takes to fight through this quest is time well spent, and though this download is priced higher than the previous Oblivion downloadable content packs, there's a lot more to it.  
  Big Bumpin' Review
,  Big Bumpin' is one of three games being sold at Burger King as part of a limited-time promotion. Each game is available for around $4, provided you buy some food to go with it. And all three of these games are pretty bad but weirdly compelling nonetheless. Rather than the despicable acts usually associated with product placement--the Burger King's appearance in Fight Night Round 3 immediately comes to mind--these games are top-to-bottom advertisements. But because you know that going in, it doesn't feel particularly dirty. All three games have been developed by Blitz Games, the company responsible for the Xbox minigame collection Fuzion Frenzy. And it shows, because most of these games have the depth of a minigame. Big Bumpin' is the most minigame-like of the three, giving you several different styles to play while putting you behind the wheel of a bumper car. The problem is that none of those styles are fun for more than one or two matches.  
  Gothic 3 Review
,  Gothic and its sequel, Gothic II, offered a challenging role-playing experience but had technical issues that caused the games to run poorly. You can pretty much say the same thing about Gothic 3, although the sequel is better in some areas. It still suffers from performance problems, especially on computers that don't have a lot of horsepower under the hood, but its strengths make it worth a look if you have a computer that can handle it and you're in the market for a challenging, open-ended game.  
  Open Season Review
,  Since the Wii system architecture is similar to the GameCube's, it makes sense that publishers would try to capitalize on the Wii launch period by quickly porting some of their recent GameCube games to the new console. That's what Ubisoft has done with Open Season. It has taken the GameCube game, which was a flimsily produced 3D adventure based on the 
  Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent Review
,  Gruff, tireless Agent Sam Fisher and his top-secret missions in all the Splinter Cell games have helped to popularize a style of play that blends a lot of sneaking around with quick, short doses of extreme force. Unfortunately for Nintendo fans, these games routinely lost most of their good qualities in translation to the GameCube--and, in spite of having a chance at a fresh start, Double Agent for the Wii does little to buck the bad trend. This version of Splinter Cell Double Agent features an unusual control scheme that's certainly different. But the graphics are disappointing, looking nowhere near as good as the Xbox version, though at least a little better than the PlayStation 2 version. Double Agent for the Wii is also missing those versions' competitive multiplayer mode. But it does include the same content apart from that, which happens to be different from the versions of Double Agent for the Xbox 360 and PC. At any rate, the Wii version isn't the best, or even the second- or third-best, version of the game available, and its control scheme is quite complicated in spite of the pick-up-and-play pretenses of the Wii Remote. However, there's a certain novelty and added level of challenge to the controls that may appeal to Splinter Cell fans.  
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2007 Review
,  Last year marked the debut of THQ and Yuke's venerable WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW franchise on the PSP. Pretty much a direct port of last year's PlayStation 2 version, the game was a technical marvel, as it was able to bring comparably impressive wrestler models and an incredible roster of game modes to the tinier of Sony's systems. Similarly, WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2007 for the PSP is a port of this year's PlayStation 2 game. However, there is one wrinkle in the translation--specifically, the dual-analog-based control scheme that debuted on the PS2 this year. Given the PSP's lack of analog sticks, making a direct translation of this control scheme wouldn't exactly work. Instead, Yuke's has revamped that scheme a bit, keeping the various hot spots and some of the ultimate control moves but mapping it in such a way as to not rely on a second stick. The result is a slower, slightly clunkier wrestling game than what the PS2 version was able to deliver, but it still works great for the PSP's capabilities.  
  College Hoops 2K7 Review
,  Just in time for the tip-off of the of the college basketball season, 2K Sports has released College Hoops 2K7. While people that don't follow college hoops may dismiss the game as little more than NBA 2K7 with a different coat of paint, it's really much more. Sure there are similarities and both titles share the same game engine, but it's the details that separate the two. The best season-ending tournament in all of sports, raucous crowds with boisterous student sections, pep bands blaring fight songs, average players that sometimes dig deep for a special performance, and coaches that actually teach are just a few of the many differences between the two games. Unfortunately, there's one game that College Hoops 2K7 is just a little too similar to, and that's College Hoops 2K6. 2K7 is a good game, but it's hard not to be disappointed by the aging visuals and a lack of significant new features.  
  Pocketbike Racer Review
,  Pocketbike Racer is one of the three games being made available by Burger King as part of a limited-time promotion. The games are all available for $3.99--provided you also purchase some food. At a cost of four dollars, you get what you pay for, but the games do still have some inherent value, even if it's solely on an ironic level. On top of that, the limited-time nature of the deal means that these games might (but probably won't) be rare in the future. Pocketbike Racer is a Mario Kart-style racing game on tiny motorcycles that can fire a handful of different weapons. It's not so good.  
  College Hoops 2K7 Review
,  Just in time for the tip-off of the of the college basketball season, 2K Sports has released College Hoops 2K7. People who don't follow college hoops may dismiss the game as little more than NBA 2K7 with a different coat of paint, but it's really much more. Sure, there are similarities, and both titles share the same game engine, but it's the little things that separate the two: The best season-ending tournament in all of sports, raucous crowds with crazy student sections, pep bands blaring fight songs, average players who can sometimes dig deep for a special performance, and coaches who actually teach are just a few of the many differences between the two games. Unfortunately, there's one game which College Hoops 2K7 is just a little too similar to, and that's College Hoops 2K6, which was released just eight months ago. 2K7 is a very good game, and it's better than 2K6 to be sure, but not by a large-enough margin to justify the 40-dollar price difference.  
  Scurge: Hive Review
,  Communications with a research colony located on an alien planet have ceased. Sketchy reports suggest that a parasitic life-form has taken over all of the wildlife and machines in and around the colony. A female bounty hunter is sent in to investigate the situation and recover the research. That's the basic premise behind Scurge: Hive, Orbital Media's sci-fi-themed action adventure for the Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS.  
  Sneak King Review
,  Have you ever been playing Splinter Cell or some other stealth game and wished that instead of snapping someone's fool neck after sneaking up behind him, you could give him a hot meal? OK, probably not, but hey, that's Sneak King. This game is one of three Xbox 360 games that have been made available by the popular quick-service chain, Burger King, as part of a temporary offer. While this ingrained level of product placement might sound immediately disgusting to some, at least they're being totally up front about it. Going in, you know that this is one big ad for hamburgers...and various breakfast foods. It's a dumb game, but it's also $4 (provided you also purchase some food) and seems like the sort of thing that will be a collectable down the road.  
  Scurge: Hive Review
,  Communications with a research colony located on an alien planet have ceased. Sketchy reports suggest that a parasitic life-form has taken over all of the wildlife and machines in and around the colony. A female bounty hunter is sent in to investigate the situation and recover the research. That's the basic premise behind Scurge: Hive, Orbital Media's sci-fi-themed action adventure for the Game Boy Advance and Nintendo DS.  
  Harley-Davidson Motorcycles: Race to the Rally Review
,  Perhaps surprisingly, there haven't been 
  Bomberman '93 Review
,  For a character that maybe isn't quite as relevant as he once was, Bomberman has sure had a strange year. Bomberman: Act Zero was released on the Xbox 360, and it's a putrid hunk of trash that's among the worst games released all year. On the other hand, one of greatest Bomberman games ever released has come back courtesy of the Wii's Virtual Console. Bomberman '93 captures a perfect moment in Bomberman history, when the multiplayer was fast and frantic without getting bogged down by rideable dinosaurs or any of the other stuff that came along in later games. That five-player multiplayer holds up great today, making Bomberman '93 one of the best multiplayer games currently available on the system, Virtual Console or otherwise.  
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  After rebooting the franchise with Need for Speed Underground, EA has continued to produce some solid street racers under the Need for Speed banner. Last year's Need for Speed Most Wanted, which featured hilariously over-the-top live-action cutscenes and seriously tense police pursuits, proved to be a high watermark for the franchise. Now it's being followed up by Need for Speed Carbon, which downplays the role of the police chases, introduces some simple team-racing mechanics, and occasionally takes the action off the city streets and into the outlying canyons. Need for Speed Carbon on the Wii contains roughly the same content as it did on the Xbox and looks about as good. Additionally, it adds five different control schemes, each of which makes use of the Wii Remote's motion-sensing capabilities in a different way. Some are more practical than others, but none are as precise as a standard gamepad. You can just tell that this game wasn't originally designed with the Wii in mind, and it suffers for it.  
  Golden Axe Review
,  Before Street Fighter II revolutionized video arcades in 1991 with its brand of competitive one-on-one fighting, side-scrolling beat-'em-ups were the next best thing. The best games of this sort featured intense-looking action, just enough story to draw you in, interesting characters, and skill-based gameplay that encouraged you to get better so you could play longer for your 25 cents. Best of all, you could play these games together with a friend. Together with the earlier Double Dragon and the later Final Fight, Sega's Golden Axe is one of the all-time greatest examples of this style of game. The Sega Genesis version that's featured on the Wii Virtual Console service isn't as good as its original arcade counterpart, but the action still delivers, making this brief-but-replayable hack-and-slash game worth playing after all these years.  
  Rush Review
,  If you happened to play Midway's L.A. Rush upon its console release late last year, you are hereby excused from reading this review. Just know that Rush for the PSP is the exact same game, tweaked ever so slightly to make it more handheld-friendly and to include a lousy new stunt mode. For those who missed out on L.A. Rush, it's worth mentioning that it had just about zilch to do with Midway's classic arcade racers that bore the Rush name. L.A. Rush was, for all intents and purposes, a cheap capitalization on the wave of street-racing games that repeatedly crashed against consoles in the last year or two. Although it had a bit of attitude, decent driving controls, and some nice licensed vehicles, the combination of no online play, a barely-there car-customization element, and a grind of a story mode dragged the game down quite a bit. Rush for the PSP does very little to counteract these issues. The few things that have been adjusted don't make the game better, but rather, duller.   
  Bionicle Heroes Review
,  In a perfect world, everyone everywhere will pay due homage to the supremacy of maniacal, gun-toting robots. Unfortunately, this world is not perfect. Bionicle Heroes, Traveller's Tales' latest game featuring the Lego license, does not do justice to its premise. In fact, Traveller's Tales seems to have given Bionicle Heroes no thought at all. The game's core mechanics closely mimic, if not straight up replicate, those found in the company's recent Lego Star Wars hits. Less-than-innovative mechanics not withstanding, the mind-numbingly simplistic and repetitive gameplay, as well as a dearth of worthwhile added content, means you'll have experienced everything this game has to offer by the end of the first stage.  
  Bionicle Heroes Review
,  In a perfect world, everyone everywhere will pay due homage to the supremacy of maniacal, gun-toting robots. Unfortunately, this world is not perfect. Bionicle Heroes, Traveller's Tales' latest game featuring the Lego license, does not do justice to its premise. In fact, Traveller's Tales seems to have given Bionicle Heroes no thought at all. The game's core mechanics closely mimic, if not straight up replicate, those found in the company's recent Lego Star Wars hits. Less-than-innovative mechanics not withstanding, the mind-numbingly simplistic and repetitive gameplay, as well as a dearth of worthwhile added content, means you'll have experienced everything this game has to offer by the end of the first stage.  
  Bionicle Heroes Review
,  In a perfect world, everyone everywhere will pay due homage to the supremacy of maniacal, gun-toting robots. Unfortunately, this world is not perfect. Bionicle Heroes, Traveller's Tales' latest game featuring the Lego license, does not do justice to its premise. In fact, Traveller's Tales seems to have given Bionicle Heroes no thought at all. The game's core mechanics closely mimic, if not straight up replicate, those found in the company's recent Lego Star Wars hits. Less-than-innovative mechanics not withstanding, the mind-numbingly simplistic and repetitive gameplay, as well as a dearth of worthwhile added content, means you'll have experienced everything this game has to offer by the end of the first stage.  
  Bionicle Heroes Review
,  In a perfect world, everyone everywhere will pay due homage to the supremacy of maniacal, gun-toting robots. Unfortunately, this world is not perfect. Bionicle Heroes, Traveller's Tales' latest game featuring the Lego license, does not do justice to its premise. In fact, Traveller's Tales seems to have given Bionicle Heroes no thought at all. The game's core mechanics closely mimic, if not straight up replicate, those found in the company's recent Lego Star Wars hits. Less-than-innovative mechanics not withstanding, the mind-numbingly simplistic and repetitive gameplay, as well as a dearth of worthwhile added content, means you'll have experienced everything this game has to offer by the end of the first stage.  
  Gitaroo Man Lives! Review
,  In a grand twist of irony, the people who are likely most excited about the release of Gitaroo Man Lives! on the PSP stand to get the least out of this rhythm game. It's effectively the same game that Koei released on the PlayStation 2 nearly five years ago as simply Gitaroo Man, so if you're one of the very, very few people who bought the original, Gitaroo Man Lives! doesn't offer much except a couple of new songs and some nostalgic value. But if you haven't already experienced this eccentric tale of a timid young boy's destiny and space guitars, you are in for a treat. Even after all these years, Gitaroo Man Lives! proves to be a unique rhythm game with solid gameplay, catchy tunes, and a striking art style. Rhythm games of any quality are in short supply on the PSP, and Gitaroo Man Lives! is a good one.  
  The Sopranos: Road to Respect Review
,  
  Brigade E5: New Jagged Union Review
,  Don't be fooled by a subtitle. Although you've got to admire the chutzpah of developer Apeiron and publisher Strategy First for attempting to fake out fans with the name of Brigade E5: New Jagged Union, this turn-based tactical simulation has nothing in common with the late, great Jagged Alliance series besides a premise about mercenaries in the tropics. Third-rate mission design, prehistoric visuals, and problematic pathfinding mean that you won't enjoy playing soldier of fortune here, even if the developers have added a bit of life to the squad-sim genre with a few design innovations.  
  Solomon's Key Review
,  Solomon's Key was originally an arcade game, but the Nintendo Entertainment System version probably got around a little bit more than the arcade machine in North America. The NES version was a mostly faithful version of the arcade game. Both versions put you in control of a character named Dana, who could create and eliminate blocks with his magic wand. The resulting Virtual Console game is an often tricky action puzzle game that doesn't look great but still plays quite well.  
  Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent Review
,  Gruff, tireless agent Sam Fisher and his top-secret missions in all the Splinter Cell games have helped to popularize a style of play that blends a lot of sneaking around with quick, short doses of extreme force. But if you've only played Splinter Cell on the GameCube, you'd never know what all the fuss was about. Versions of the series that have appeared on Nintendo's console during the past several years have tended to be stripped of their visual embellishments, as well as some of their key features. Unfortunately, this latest episode is no exception.  
  Call of Duty 3 Review
,  World War II may have ended in 1945, but that hasn't stopped the axis and allies from waging war against one another on the video game front. While Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 owners worried about Treyarch taking over the reins for Call of Duty 3, PlayStation 2 and Xbox owners already had a good idea of what to expect since the developer was behind the enjoyable Call of Duty 2: Big Red One for the PS2 and Xbox. It did not disappoint. Thanks to an intense single-player campaign, great sound, and deep online options, Call of Duty 3 plays better than its predecessor and is an all-around great first-person shooter.  
  Call of Duty 3 Review
,  World War II may have ended in 1945, but that hasn't stopped the axis and allies from waging war against one another on the video game front. While Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 owners worried about Treyarch taking over the reins for Call of Duty 3, PlayStation 2 and Xbox owners already had a good idea of what to expect since the developer was behind the enjoyable Call of Duty 2: Big Red One for the PS2 and Xbox. It did not disappoint. Thanks to an intense single-player campaign, great sound, and deep online options, Call of Duty 3 plays better than its predecessor and is an all-around great first-person shooter.  
  Cricket 07 Review
,  If you're an Aussie or UK sports fan, then the next few months are all about one thing--the Ashes series being held Down Under. EA is capitalising on that buzz by releasing Cricket 07 just before the start of the first Test at the end of November, and the good news for cricket tragics is that Cricket 07 is EA's best effort at replicating the sport to date. The bad news is that some finicky bowling mechanics make it an uneven experience, with batting by far the more enjoyable half of the gameplay. And just like in real cricket, even the shortest matches can result in some tedium.  
  Final Fantasy III Review
,  If you're a longtime Final Fantasy player, then the first thing that probably comes to mind when you think of Final Fantasy III is the classic 1994 role-playing game for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. However, it's now widely known that this was, in fact, the sixth game in the series; it was published at a time when developer Square was muddling up the numbering conventions between Japan and North America, since several Final Fantasy chapters that came out in Japan never made it stateside. Now there's finally a proper English-language version of the 
  Touch Detective Review
,  One of the things the Nintendo DS has been heralded for is its ability to handle decidedly PC-oriented genres such as strategy and adventure games. Well, at least strategy games. With the exception of last year's delightfully crazy Phoenix Wright, most of the attempts to bring adventure games to the DS haven't quite panned out, either because of short length, inadequate story, or off-kilter mechanics. Atlus' Touch Detective is no different. It starts out promisingly enough, with some cute, bizarre characters and a series of strange mysteries to solve via the DS's touch screen; but more than any other adventure game on the DS to date, Touch Detective suffers from archaic adventure game puzzle-solving, forcing you to pixel hunt and combine items until you're completely and utterly bored with the whole thing.  
  EverQuest II: Echoes of Faydwer Review
,  Massively multiplayer online expansions often forego appealing to new players, focusing instead on adding content aimed at appeasing high-level veterans. This is part of what makes Echoes of Faydwer EverQuest II's most engaging addition to date. The new expansion is loaded with new content, which is mostly aimed at welcoming new players and giving experts a fresh look at the same old Norrath. There's a new race, a new continent, a new belief system, and a goodly amount of lore to sort through as well. However, experienced players will likely feel a little slighted by some of the additions. There is no increase to level cap, and the higher stat caps and increased raid difficulty don't compensate for it. But for new players and those looking to create a new character, Echoes of Faydwer is a fine addition to the EverQuest universe.  
  Soccer Review
,  It would be unreasonable to expect Nintendo to release all of its best games first on the Virtual Console, though given the company's storied history you would expect it not to have too much trouble making sure the service's initial offerings are of high quality. While several great games are available, there are also a few duds. Soccer is one of the duds.  
  Activision Hits Remixed Review
,  Activision might not be the biggest third-party publisher for consoles in the world, but they're the first. As the first company other than Atari to make games for the sweet, sweet woodgrain, the Atari 2600, Activision pumped out a load of classic games. Most of those classics are contained on Activision Hits Remixed for the PSP, which is really just a renamed version of Activision Anthology that was released on the PS2 last year. The games run accurately and the package has some nice extras, but the graphics are a little on the blurry side.  
  Heroes of Might and Magic V: Hammers of Fate Review
,  Considering the rabid fan following and the long wait, it's not a surprise that Heroes of Might and Magic V was picked apart by certain members of the hardcore fan base. It was criticized in more than a few quarters for a dull campaign, some glitches with the camera system and multiplayer, and simply for being too updated a copy of the late, great Heroes III. A series of patches helped a lot, though, and the game looked on its way to being one of the best in the history of the franchise. Now, however, the series takes another step sideways with Hammers of Fate. Like the original game on launch day, this expansion pack balances good points with bad almost every step of the way, resulting in yet another turn-based fantasy adventure that isn't all that it could be.  
  ArchLord Review
,  ArchLord can be summed up with two words: "dull" and "repetitive." Unfortunately, this game doesn't have anything to offer massively multiplayer veterans, and if you've been playing these games for a while, there's a good chance you've already found something better than this.   
  Marvel: Ultimate Alliance Review
,  No longer content with covering the localized struggles of Marvel's mutant superheroes as it had in the X-Men Legends games, developer Raven Software has blown its established action role-playing game formula out to an intergalactic, interdimensional scale with Marvel: Ultimate Alliance. With more than 20 unique playable heroes; a massive campaign that features a wide variety of well-known Marvel Universe villains, supporting characters, and locations; and plenty of hidden extras, it's the biggest piece of Marvel fan service seen in a video game. Marvel: Ultimate Alliance has made its way to virtually every console under the sun with pretty consistent results. Its appearance on the Wii, though, is the hardest to recommend, due to slapdash use of the Wii controller and the omission of the online cooperative play found in every other version of the game.  
  Sonic the Hedgehog Review
,  In what might be seen as a move to reset and reinvent the series, the latest game to feature Sonic the Hedgehog is merely called Sonic the Hedgehog. Sega's blue critter has been around since the 16-bit days, when his side-scrolling platformers were strong enough to take on Mario, the then-undisputed kingpin of the platforming genre. Sonic's fall from grace has been slow, starting with a promising first stab at 3D with Sonic Adventure, but it's all been downhill since those far-gone days, and games like this new Sonic the Hedgehog are the culprit. With plenty of bad glitches, poor controls, and totally lame gameplay on all fronts, this one's not going to restore any part of the Hedgehog's name to glory.  
  Donkey Kong Review
,  Donkey Kong is one of the most significant Nintendo games ever made. Created by the legendary game designer Shigeru Miyamoto, Donkey Kong was one Nintendo's first huge video game hits outside of Japan. The original arcade version dates way back to 1981, and about five years later, a stripped-down translation of the game was among the first to ship for the Nintendo Entertainment System. Now all this history can be yours through the Wii's Virtual Console service, which offers a perfectly accurate translation of the NES version of Donkey Kong. Unfortunately, that version was far from arcade-perfect, having been stripped of one of the four original arcade levels. You can still see the prehistoric basis for many more action games to come from playing Donkey Kong, but regardless of its importance in the history of gaming and whatever nostalgic value you can glean from the NES version in particular, it's not fun for long.  
  Devil May Cry 3: Special Edition Review
,  Released earlier this year for the PlayStation 2, Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening - Special Edition was a budget-priced, updated version of one of last year's toughest, best, most intense action adventure games on consoles. Between its manic hack-and-slash gameplay and its over-the-top anime-inspired presentation, the game never seemed like it would make a good fit on the PC. But a PC version came along anyway, offering up a no-frills port that loses some of its charm and quality in translation, yet retains some solid action and a lot of personality underneath it all. So the underlying game is still great, but unless you categorically can't play this game on a PS2 yet feel compelled to play it anyway, this version isn't your best bet.  
  Marvel: Ultimate Alliance Review
,  In 2004, Raven Software surprised a lot of people with X-Men Legends, an action RPG focusing on the exploits of Marvel's mutant superheroes. The Diablo-style gameplay was a significant departure for Raven, a developer best known for its extensive work on first-person shooters. Perhaps more surprising was the game's success in introducing action RPG conventions to the world of superheroes, a fairly novel combination at the time. It proved to be a winning formula, one that Raven further refined with last year's X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse. Not content with the localized struggles of the X-Men, the concept has been blown out to an intergalactic, interdimensional scale with Marvel: Ultimate Alliance. With well over 20 unique playable heroes, a massive campaign that features a wide variety of well-known Marvel Universe villains, supporting characters, and locations, as well as plenty of hidden extras, it's the biggest piece of Marvel fan service seen in a video game. It also builds upon a lot of the gameplay systems established in the X-Men Legends games, making for an experience that's deeper, longer-lasting, and generally more satisfying.  
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  After rebooting the franchise with Need for Speed Underground, EA has continued to produce some solid street racers under the Need for Speed banner. Last year's Need for Speed Most Wanted, which featured hilariously over-the-top live-action cutscenes and seriously tense police pursuits, proved to be a high watermark for the franchise. Now it's being followed up by Need for Speed Carbon, which downplays the role of the police chases, introduces some simple team-racing mechanics, and occasionally takes the action off the city streets and into the outlying canyons. The new gameplay doesn't always improve the experience, but the racing can still be quite intense and still has a pronounced sense of style.  
  The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy Review
,  The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy is a 3D fighting game based on the Cartoon Network animated series of the same name. Borrowing heavily from games like Power Stone, Billy and Mandy features frantic, often chaotic gameplay that's surprisingly fun for the first few hours. It doesn't take long to unlock all of the characters, stages, and game modes, though, and once you've done that you'll have a hard time feeling compelled to keep playing the game.   
  The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy Review
,  The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy is a 3D fighting game based on the Cartoon Network animated series of the same name. Borrowing heavily from games like Power Stone, Billy and Mandy features frantic, often chaotic gameplay that's surprisingly fun for the first few hours. It doesn't take long to unlock all of the characters, stages, and game modes, though, and once you've done that you'll have a hard time feeling compelled to keep playing the game. The Wii version is particularly disappointing because it's almost identical to the GameCube and PlayStation 2 versions, and makes very little use of the unique capabilities of the Wii Remote.   
  Thrillville Review
,  Upon first glance, it would be easy to pass off Frontier's latest theme park-building management game, Thrillville, as a kid's version of its amusement park-management series, RollerCoaster Tycoon. Thrillville does not offer anywhere near the depth or complexity of the Tycoon series in terms of micromanaging resources to maximize profits and attract large crowds, and its presentation takes a page more out of Psychonauts' book than anything Will Wright would dream up. However, instead of targeting the niche business-management crowd with more of the same, or dumbing down the product for an equally niche children's market, Frontier seems to be going after more-casual players, by focusing more on easy-to-pick-up yet often surprisingly complex minigames, and by wrapping the experience up in a nicely put-together package.   
  The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy Review
,  The Grim Adventures of Billy and Mandy is a 3D fighting game based on the Cartoon Network animated series of the same name. Borrowing heavily from games like Power Stone, Billy and Mandy features frantic, often chaotic gameplay that's surprisingly fun for the first few hours. It doesn't take long to unlock all of the characters, stages, and game modes, though, and once you've done that you'll have a hard time feeling compelled to keep playing the game.   
  Thrillville Review
,  Upon first glance, it would be easy to pass off Frontier's latest theme park-building management game, Thrillville, as a kid's version of its amusement park-management series, RollerCoaster Tycoon. Thrillville does not offer anywhere near the depth or complexity of the Tycoon series in terms of micromanaging resources to maximize profits and attract large crowds, and its presentation takes a page more out of Psychonauts' book than anything Will Wright would dream up. However, instead of targeting the niche business-management crowd with more of the same, or dumbing down the product for an equally niche children's market, Frontier seems to be going after more-casual players, by focusing more on easy-to-pick-up yet often surprisingly complex minigames, and by wrapping the experience up in a nicely put-together package.   
  The Legend of Zelda Review
,  The Legend of Zelda was originally released in 1987, and it was such a landmark event that Nintendo shipped the game on a shiny gold cartridge. This NES game was the first battery-backed game to hit the system, and it was also the first game to introduce us to Link, Zelda, and the evil Ganon. The boomerangs, the bombs, the bow and arrow--many of the key weapons that Link still uses in modern games like Twilight Princess originated nearly 20 years ago. Link's first, classic adventure is now available for the Wii via the Virtual Console service. Like other NES games available on the system, it's a picture-perfect emulation of the original game. But unlike some of those other NES games, this game holds up well enough to be quite playable today.  
  Tamagotchi Connection: Corner Shop 2 Review
,  If you're looking for a collection of touch-screen minigames with colorful graphics and cutely bizarre character designs...well, you can take your pick on the Nintendo DS at this point. Not to be discouraged by the plethora of like titles, publisher Namco Bandai Games is adding yet another minigame collection to the DS library with Tamagotchi Connection: Corner Shop 2. Once again, you can purchase and operate a number of different stores where you do things like design cakes, wash cars, or make sushi. You do all of this with the goal of earning Gotchi points that can be used to purchase clothes, accessories, and snacks for your Tamagotchi partner. The game makes great use of the touch screen, which, combined with the almost sickeningly cute graphics, makes Corner Shop 2 an entertaining little diversion. But once you've played each of the minigames for a few minutes, you'll have seen all the game has to offer, with very little challenge or reward to keep you coming back for more.   
  Pinball Review
,  Nintendo's Pinball was among the first games released for the Nintendo Entertainment System, and it certainly shows. Even upon its initial North American release it wasn't an impressive game, though for what it's worth, the version that has made its way onto the Wii's Virtual Console service appears to be pixel-perfect.  
  Dave Mirra BMX Challenge Review
,  You might have to go back a few years to prove it, but there was a time when the equation "Dave Mirra + video games = sweet" was true. A couple of excellent-playing Game Boy Advance Dave Mirra titles were the best of the bunch, but the Xbox and PlayStation 2 have both seen decent games starring the famed BMX biker. Unfortunately, Dave Mirra BMX Challenge for the PlayStation Portable is another in a line of more recent Mirra-themed games that simply aren't worth your time or money.  
  SimCity Review
,  Before The Sims, there was SimCity. Originally released in 1989 for the PC, Maxis' seminal game basically invented the city-building genre by creating a simple, yet exceptionally addictive system for managing a modest town and developing it into a bustling metropolis. In 1991, Maxis moved SimCity to Nintendo's then-new Super Nintendo Entertainment System. The results were overwhelmingly positive. The mouse-based interface was revamped for the SNES controller. Little bits and pieces of added personality also found their way into the mix with bonus items and a helpful professor who guided you through the various pitfalls of mayoral politics. Now, 15 years later, SimCity for the SNES is available through Nintendo's Virtual Console on the Wii. Despite that decade and a half of time, SimCity holds up remarkably well. Its presentation definitely looks crusty after all this time, but the gameplay is just as ridiculously addictive as it was in its heyday.   
  Thrillville Review
,  Upon first glance, it would be easy to pass off Frontier's latest theme park-building management game, Thrillville, as a kid's version of its amusement park-management series, RollerCoaster Tycoon. Thrillville does not offer anywhere near the depth or complexity of the Tycoon series in terms of micromanaging resources to maximize profits and attract large crowds, and its presentation takes a page more out of Psychonauts' book than anything Will Wright would dream up. However, instead of targeting the niche business-management crowd with more of the same, or dumbing down the product for an equally niche children's market, Frontier seems to be going after more-casual players, by focusing more on easy-to-pick-up yet often surprisingly complex minigames, and by wrapping the experience up in a nicely put-together package.   
  Every Extend Extra Review
,  With the release of Lumines and Meteos, Q Entertainment quickly established itself as a developer that could deliver fresh takes on familiar puzzle-game concepts while wrapping them up in stylish visuals and synthetic sounds, both of which would evolve over the course of the game. It worked fantastically with Q Entertainment's first two games, and Every Extend Extra sees this design concept applied yet again, but the returns on the concept have started to diminish. The sights and sounds of Every Extend Extra are quite attractive and varied, and half the fun is seeing how drastically the game's look changes from level to level. The actual gameplay is novel for a while, but it lacks the depth to keep you playing.  
  Blitz: The League Review
,  Midway's Blitz series of football games has had its ups and downs--often rather extreme ups and downs. But with the debut of Blitz: The League late last year, Midway proved that it still knew how to make a fast, violent, completely over-the-top game of football. By forgoing the NFL license in favor of a fake football league, Midway had free rein to do all the dirty stuff that the NFL won't talk about--namely, juicing players, gambling addictions, off-the-field trysts with cheerleaders, and hilariously horrible injuries. It was a great game of football that didn't take itself the least bit seriously, and now, one year later, Blitz has made its Xbox 360 debut. However, this isn't a sequel to Blitz: The League. It's 
  Mario Bros. Review
,  Before he was super, he was just plain Mario, and together with his brother Luigi, all he did was rid a dingy sewer of a few types of filthy pests. But Mario Bros. is an arcade classic, and though the version created for the Nintendo Entertainment System captures the gameplay, it lacks the charming presentation of the 1983 original. Besides, this game has been rereleased so many times, chances are you've got at least one copy that was thrown in as an extra in one of your Super Mario Advance games. It's easy to feel very nostalgic for the original Mario Bros., since it's the point of origin for one of the greatest video game series--and characters--of all time. However, the NES port that's available on the Wii's Virtual Console service, while accurate to that particular version, just doesn't do justice to the original.  
  Star Trek: Tactical Assault Review
,  There have been plenty of Star Trek games over the past few years, but the franchise has never appeared on the Sony PSP. Even better, strategy fans could look forward to adding another game to their handheld arsenal. However, Tactical Assault is not a typical strategy game. Although the original design feels fresh when you first start playing, it's also a one-trick pony that boils down to the same basic maneuvers and slow-paced combat. It also horribly overlooks its license. You'll deal with Klingons and Romulans, but the dull story and unrecognizable characters could have been used in any generic intergalactic setting.  
  Monster 4x4: World Circuit Review
,  As any child of the '80s will tell you, monster trucks are awesome. There's no disputing it. It's science, an irrefutable fact. However, just because monster trucks are awesome doesn't mean that every form of entertainment based on monster trucks is awesome. Take Ubisoft's Monster 4x4: World Circuit, for example. Originally released earlier this year on the Xbox and now available for the Wii, World Circuit completely misses the point of what makes monster trucks excellent. Sure, it's got the big trucks, but it also has exactly zero of the excitement. It somehow makes the act of driving these trucks over rows of parked cars, through various sheds and other breakable bric-a-brac, and off of carefully placed stunt ramps, completely and utterly dull. Not to mention that it can't even do you the service of actually including some actual monster truck events. To its credit, World Circuit for the Wii does include some new driving controls that make the game just a hair more enjoyable, but these controls aren't nearly enough to make what was only recently a lousy budget game worth a full retail price tag.  
  Mortal Kombat: Unchained Review
,  Though it features an all-new subtitle, Mortal Kombat: Unchained for the PlayStation Portable is basically a straight port of 2004's Mortal Kombat: Deception for the PlayStation 2, with longer loading times and without the online play. Contrary to what you might expect, it's not based on this fall's Mortal Kombat: Armageddon, though it does throw in a few of that installment's added characters. Seeing as there's so little new content in Mortal Kombat: Unchained, it's difficult to recommend to Mortal Kombat fans, unless they really want a version of Deception to have on the go.  
  Small Arms Review
,  Small Arms is a four-player side-view combat game that puts a great deal of importance on collecting and using a bunch of heavy weaponry as often as possible. Or to put it in more common terms, Small Arms is Super Smash Bros. without the Nintendo characters and with a much heavier focus placed on weapons. The focus on weapons, which are constantly running out of ammo, makes the game feel quite different from Nintendo's Smash Bros. games. But it also means that you spend too much time hunting for new weapons and not enough time using them. The result is a neat, but flawed game.  
  Agatha Christie: Murder on the Orient Express Review
,  Agatha Christie's mystery novels remain popular to this day, thanks to their skillful and compact blend of British sensibilities and tight plot. 
  Asphalt: Urban GT 2 Review
,  One of the more pleasant surprises during the Nintendo DS launch was Asphalt: Urban GT, a racing game from Ubisoft and Gameloft. Everybody expected the worst, since the game had the misfortune of being released for Nokia's much-maligned N-Gage platform at around the same time. However, those who gave it a chance and played it discovered a fun arcade-style racer that actually did a good job of flexing the system's 3D capabilities. Word of mouth must have led to decent sales, because the sequel has just been published. Asphalt: Urban GT 2 picks up where the first game left off. The underlying gameplay and graphics haven't changed much, but there are many more cars, tracks, and events to pick from this time around. Motorcycles have also been added to the mix, and some of the kinks have been ironed out, specifically ones concerning the physics and handling that made the original game seem a bit rough around the edges. Taken together, these modest upgrades make for a sequel that's meatier and more polished than its predecessor, even if the nuts and bolts are really just more of the same.  
  Left Behind: Eternal Forces Review
,  Don't mock Left Behind: Eternal Forces because it's a Christian game. Mock it because it's a very bad game. The real-time strategy/adventure game from Left Behind Games based on the best-selling series of novels from Tim LaHaye and Jerry B. Jenkins will even let down born-again types who expect the Rapture to beam them up to heaven any day now. Nobody has enough faith to endure a game with such a hokey story, terrible mission design, serious problems with the interface and graphics, and loads of crippling bugs.  
  Superman Returns: The Videogame Review
,  Superman's great at saving the world, but he sure hasn't had much success when it comes to video games. The disastrous Superman 64 was no doubt the low point in the Man of Steel's video game history, but even his highs haven't been all that high. Superman Returns: The Videogame was originally slated to release alongside the movie in June (which had its own tumultuous production saga), but it wasn't ready in time and the release date was pushed back to coincide with the DVD of the movie going on sale. Despite the delay, the game still doesn't seem to be ready, but that hasn't stopped it from being released. It's certainly not as bad as Superman 64, but it's still plenty bad. Superman Returns does do a few things well, and it does manage to be entertaining for the first hour or so, but it's all downhill from there.   
  Superman Returns: The Videogame Review
,  Superman's great at saving the world, but he sure hasn't had much success when it comes to video games. The disastrous Superman 64 was no doubt the low point in the Man of Steel's video game history, but even his highs haven't been all that high. Superman Returns: The Videogame was originally slated to release alongside the movie in June (which had its own tumultuous production saga), but it wasn't ready in time and the release date was pushed back to coincide with the DVD of the movie going on sale. Despite the delay, the game still doesn't seem to be ready, but that hasn't stopped it from being released. It's certainly not as bad as Superman 64, but it's still plenty bad. Superman Returns does do a few things well, and it does manage to be entertaining for the first hour or so, but it's all downhill from there.   
  Superman Returns: The Videogame Review
,  Superman's great at saving the world, but he sure hasn't had much success when it comes to video games. The disastrous Superman 64 was no doubt the low point in the Man of Steel's video game history, but even his highs haven't been all that high. Superman Returns: The Videogame was originally slated to release alongside the movie in June (which had its own tumultuous production saga), but it wasn't ready in time and the release date was pushed back to coincide with the DVD of the movie going on sale. Despite the delay, the game still doesn't seem to be ready, but that hasn't stopped it from being released. It's certainly not as bad as Superman 64, but it's still plenty bad. Superman Returns does do a few things well, and it does manage to be entertaining for the first hour or so, but it's all downhill from there.   
  Konductra Review
,  A good puzzle game has a way of crawling under your skin. It's easy to lose yourself in that zone of addiction, where the game wields complete control over your left brain and you have no choice but to succumb. Konductra is not such a game. Instead of relying on an outwardly simple design that's difficult to master, it gets bogged down by its own thoughtful premise. Playing Konductra is not a challenge--it's a chore.  
  Sega Genesis Collection Review
,  Classic game compilations are practically a dime a dozen at this point, but ones as good as this are highly uncommon. The Sega Genesis Collection, assembled by the emulation specialists over at Digital Eclipse, includes pixel-perfect renditions of nearly 30 different games, many of them great for their time, from the lifespan of Sega's famous 16-bit console. In addition, it's packed with some great extras, including bonus unlockable arcade games, interviews with Sega developers who worked on some of this stuff, and more. So if you have fond memories of playing the Genesis in the 1990s, this collection is practically a must-have.  
  Sega Genesis Collection Review
,  Classic game compilations are practically a dime a dozen at this point, but ones as good as this are highly uncommon. The Sega Genesis Collection, assembled by the emulation specialists over at Digital Eclipse, includes pixel-perfect renditions of nearly 30 different games, many of them great for their time, from the lifespan of Sega's famous 16-bit console. In addition, it's packed with some great extras, including bonus unlockable arcade games, interviews with Sega developers who worked on some of this stuff, and more. So if you have fond memories of playing the Genesis in the 1990s, this collection is practically a must-have.  
  Tomb Raider: Legend Review
,  For all the traveling Lara Croft has done over the years, she hasn't made her way to the Nintendo GameCube until now, and in a weird way it seems fitting that the adventurous archaeologist has waited until the console is all but history before making a visit. It has now been more than 10 years since the first Tomb Raider was released for the PC, PlayStation, and Sega Saturn, and while video games have come a long way since then, the Tomb Raider series hasn't kept pace. Problems such as clunky controls and a frustrating camera, which were excusable in the early games, have steadily degraded the quality of the series releases over time. The latest installment, Tomb Raider: Legend, finally brings the series into the 21st century while staying true to the spirit of the early games.   
  Snoopy vs. the Red Baron Review
,  A long-running gag in the 
  Snoopy vs. the Red Baron Review
,  A long-running gag in the 
  Snoopy vs. the Red Baron Review
,  A long-running gag in the 
  NFL Street 3 Review
,  NFL Street 3 and its cover star, Chad Johnson, seem like a match made in heaven. NFL Street 3 is a fast-paced and hard-hitting game and, like the talented and outspoken Cincinnati Bengals receiver, not averse to a bit of trash talk. Unfortunately, NFL Street 3 doesn't manage to be consistently entertaining, and the new wrinkles in its gameplay don't do enough to differentiate it from previous games in the series. Unlike Ocho Cinco, Street 3 is probably a bit too safe for its own good.  
  Blast Factor Review
,  Blast Factor is one of the first downloadable games for the PlayStation 3. It's a fixed-screen shooter that bears an uncanny resemblance to the popular Geometry Wars on the Xbox 360. But despite feeling very familiar, Blast Factor does add a couple of unique twists that make it a little more than just a clone of a clone. The problem is that it’s just too short and simple to last for more than a couple of hours, and it leaves no lasting impression beyond that.  
  Warhammer: Mark of Chaos Review
,  Orcs and elves have been done so many times at this point that it's easy to be jaded about the arrival of yet another fantasy game. So it's a credit to Warhammer: Mark of Chaos that the game makes you sit up and pay attention when its gloriously detailed 3D units come up onscreen. This strategy game, based on the popular Warhammer Fantasy Battles miniatures game, is a visually impressive affair, though the first chapter in what will probably be a long-lived series doesn't quite live up to its own potential and is saddled with some frustrating technical issues.   
  Rampage: Total Destruction Review
,  The only thing more depressing than a remake of a classic game that isn't very good is a remake of a classic game that simultaneously isn't good on its own merits, and also manages to bring you to the realization that the classic game on which it's based isn't as good as you remember it being. Midway's Rampage series took arcades by storm back in the late '80s, providing players with the ability to storm through various metropolitan areas of the world and destroy them with gargantuan monsters. It was the kind of simplistic, button-mashy fun that could fly in a simpler time, a game designed specifically for mindless entertainment and to keep you inserting quarters. There hasn't been a new version of Rampage in half a decade, and after playing Rampage: Total Destruction, the newest installment in the series, it's not tough to see why. The problem is that the gameplay simply hasn't evolved over time. You wander around the same types of two-dimensional environments (though now they're in pseudo-3D), punching the same buildings and eating the same people that you did back in the '80s. Now, that style of gameplay simply feels punishingly repetitive, rather than goofy and fun. But whereas the PlayStation 2 and GameCube versions of Rampage that were released several months ago slavishly dedicated themselves to the same brand of repetitious button mashing that the arcade games did, the new Wii version tries to futz with the formula by adding in new motion-sensing controls. Unfortunately, these controls feel just as half-baked and irritating as the rest of the game.  
  Final Fantasy V Advance Review
,  If you grew up playing 16-bit games for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System, then you're probably familiar with Final Fantasy II and Final Fantasy III. These were some of the defining role-playing games of the early 1990s and featured surprisingly deep storylines and interesting characters, as well as plenty of tough battles and great presentations. At the time, though, it wasn't apparent that there were a bunch of Final Fantasy games that came in between these and the original for the 8-bit NES. The middle child of the 16-bit Final Fantasy era has now finally arrived on the Game Boy Advance, nearly 15 years after it was first released in Japan. Playing Final Fantasy V Advance will be a revelation to some fans of the series. After all, this is the game that introduced many great gameplay concepts and went on to be featured prominently in later, better-known games, such as Final Fantasy Tactics, Final Fantasy XI, and more. Sure enough, the game holds up well even by today's standards, offering up a lengthy and challenging quest. You'll also be able to sink your teeth into lots of interesting gameplay.  
  Birth of America Review
,  Turn-based historical wargames have always occupied a special niche in PC gaming history, but they're not known for their accessibility. Birth of America attempts to bridge that gap somewhat by focusing squarely on combat and eliminating much of the micromanagement that accompanies most wargames. It also takes place on a handsome hand-drawn map that painstakingly re-creates the geographical landscape of colonial America. Yet the game still suffers from the traditional drawbacks of the genre: meager production values and a steep learning curve that limits the enjoyment to veteran armchair generals.   
  NFL Street 3 Review
,  NFL Street 3 and its cover star, Chad Johnson, seem like a match made in heaven. NFL Street 3 for the PlayStation Portable is a fast-paced and hard-hitting game and, like the talented and outspoken Cincinnati Bengals receiver, is not averse to a bit of trash talk. Unfortunately, NFL Street 3 isn't consistently entertaining, and the new wrinkles in its gameplay don't do enough to differentiate it from previous games in the series. Unlike Ocho Cinco, Street 3 is probably a bit too safe for its own good.  
  Medieval 2: Total War Review
,  In our version of the Hundred Years' War, England was well on its way to spanking France in record time when those dastardly Danes betrayed our alliance and ruined the fun. About 150 turns later, we found ourselves bogged down in a three-front war against France, Denmark, and a late-to-the-party Spain, though at least those tenacious Scots were finally put down after a lengthy, hard-fought campaign in the north. Still, armies and navies were committed to battle as quickly as they were raised; spies, assassins, priests, diplomats, and merchants scrambled around the map and did their thing; sieges were laid and cities sacked; and battle followed bloody battle. And this is the "short" campaign in Medieval 2: Total War. In a nutshell, that summarizes what is both awesome and somewhat daunting about the latest game in the popular Total War strategy series. With its huge scale, deep gameplay, and beautiful graphics, this is perhaps the most seductive game about the Middle Ages yet, but it's admittedly quite a handful to take in.  
  Gunpey DS Review
,  Puzzle game players have contended with cubes, spheres, and other geometric shapes over the years, but lines have been pretty scarce, which is part of what makes Gunpey such a refreshing change of pace. It was originally released on the Japanese WonderSwan handheld, so the gameplay concept is relatively unknown in the West. Thank goodness for the modern makeover, because the core gameplay is strong, and the presentation is delightful.   
  Gunpey Review
,  Remember the WonderSwan? In case you've forgotten, it was a Japanese handheld created by the late Gunpei Yokoi, the designer of the original Game Boy. Gunpey was originally released on that system, and as a result, the game is virtually unknown by American audiences. Well it 
  Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent Review
,  It was back in 2002 when we first met Sam Fisher, a jaded but extremely talented secret agent who was sent all around the world to take care of the most sensitive, covert operations conducted by the United States. Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell became one of the defining franchises of the original Xbox, thanks to its incredibly lifelike graphics and sophisticated stealth action gameplay, and the PC translations of this series have been comparably as good if not better. Earlier this fall, Splinter Cell hit the Xbox 360 for the first time, and the transition to a more powerful new platform naturally created even higher expectations. Yet despite a compelling new premise that forces Fisher to make some tough moral choices to infiltrate a terrorist group, Splinter Cell Double Agent's campaign could best be described as Splinter Cell with a fresh coat of paint. Now this experience is available on the PC in a version that's nearly identical to what can be found on the Xbox 360, notwithstanding some technical issues you might run into. The single-player portion of the game possesses all of the strengths and weaknesses that fans of the series have come to expect. On the other hand, the multiplayer component, which is like a whole separate game, has seen a variety of interesting changes since the last game, making it probably the better half package.  
  The Sims 2: Pets Review
,  Thanks to Nintendogs, pet simulators have entered the mainstream. People love them, probably because they simulate the experience of having a pet without requiring the time and effort that real animals do, and they don't make you clean up nasty accidents either. Electronic Arts' entry into the pet-raising genre is The Sims 2: Pets, which is available for numerous systems, including the Nintendo DS. What's interesting about the DS version of the game is that it casts players into the role of veterinarian and places a greater emphasis on the care and grooming of animals. That's quite a focus shift from the other versions, which incorporate pets and pet-related jobs into the traditional humanoid sim blueprint. You'd think, then, that the DS game would deliver the superior pet-rearing experience, since it lets players spend more time interacting with their animals and less time doing silly tasks like holding a job or hanging out with other sims. Unfortunately, it doesn't work out that way. While you do get plenty of opportunities to interact with a menagerie of cats and dogs, the number of different options available during those interactions is rather limited. At the same time, the animals themselves don't display much in the way of personality or playfulness in response to your efforts.  
  Defender Review
,  Defender, originally released in arcades back in 1980, can be a hard, hard game. The arcade classic has you flying a ship above a planet, attempting to stop alien ships from abducting humans and combining with them to form deadly mutants. The Xbox Live Arcade version offers multiple control schemes, an online mode, and an alternate graphics mode. If you were a fan of the original game, chances are you'll enjoy this version.  
  Sonic the Hedgehog Genesis Review
,  In 1991, Sega made everyone rethink their concept of a side-scrolling platform game. That's the year the company published Sonic the Hedgehog for its Sega Genesis console. Nintendo's Mario games typically focused on gradual progress through a level and cautious jumping, but Sonic emphasized blazing speed. While Mario was relatively slow, Sonic could run like the wind. Mario was impish and stale, Sonic was skinny and cool. Back then, Sega's blue hedgehog simultaneously revolutionized the platform genre and gave people a legitimate alternative to Nintendo's fat plumber. To celebrate that landmark moment in video game history, Sega, in a flash of delicious irony, has brought Sonic's original adventure to Nintendo's Game Boy Advance handheld. As the title suggests, Sonic the Hedgehog Genesis strives to be a pixel-for-pixel replica of the original Sega Genesis game. All of the grassy hills, speedy loops, and bouncy pinball bumpers look exactly as they did on the Genny, only now they're coming to you on the GBA. Further sweetening the pot, it also implements some welcome improvements, such as a save feature, a level select, and a mode that incorporates Sonic's spin-dash move from later games. Unfortunately, there's just one very big problem: The GBA doesn't seem to be able to keep up with Sonic's speed, and that completely breaks the game.  
  The Secret Files: Tunguska Review
,  For UFO conspiracy buffs, the great Tunguska explosion of 1908 is the Russian Roswell. Although the devastation of the Siberian blast meant that nobody got the chance to pick up any E.T. corpses and store them away for later autopsy on Fox, tinfoil hatters still think it was caused by a UFO crash. So it's not much of a surprise to see that somebody has finally decided to base an adventure game around what has to be one of the most mysterious events of the past century. But, unfortunately, Secret Files: Tunguska doesn't hit adventure gaming with anything like the impact that the big ka-boom had on about 2,300 square miles of Russian countryside. Pick-everything-up mechanics dating back to the Bronze Age and set-piece puzzles that were old back when Roberta Williams walked the earth make this effort from Animation Arts and Fusionsphere Systems more of a museum piece than a living and breathing game.  
  Sonic the Hedgehog Review
,  Back in the early '90s, the battle for the video game market wasn't like today's three-way bloodbath between Nintendo, Sony, and Microsoft; it was a one-on-one showdown between Nintendo and Sega. As the two companies fought head-on for the hearts and wallets of millions of game players worldwide, one of Nintendo's clear-cut advantages was an understated little plumber named Mario. Sega needed a response to the fantastic Super Mario Bros. series, and so Sonic the Hedgehog was born. Sega's 1991 take on the side-scrolling 2D platformer was fast, colorful, challenging, and filled with personality. Packed with big, challenging levels and featuring finely tuned, deceptively simple gameplay, Sonic the Hedgehog was a breath of fresh air and an instant hit. The original game is now available as part of the Wii's Virtual Console service, marking a rather surreal occasion for longtime fans of both Nintendo's and Sega's classic titles. Platformers have come a long way since Sonic's first appearance, but the game is still highly playable and plenty charming.  
  F-Zero Review
,  F-Zero, Nintendo's incredibly fast, futuristic racing game, instantly became one of the defining titles for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System when it was released in 1991. For one thing, it was one of the most visually stunning console games of its time, thanks to its extensive use of the SNES's proprietary Mode-7 scaling technology, which gave it the appearance of having fully 3D graphics years before such graphics became commonplace. For another, it featured truly excellent gameplay, offering up a perfect balance of pick-up-and-play accessibility and sheer depth. And though it lacked a two-player mode, its selection of 15 different tracks and its adjustable difficulty modes still gave it a lot of lasting appeal. Like any classic game, F-Zero still plays great all these years later, and it still looks good to boot. It's one of the first, best games to appear on the Wii's Virtual Console service.  
  Madden NFL 07 Review
,  One of the big complaints about sports games year after year is that they just don't change. Especially in the last few years, EA's Madden NFL franchise has weathered the brunt of many of these complaints, largely in light of the mild upgrades made to older console versions and the "tear it all down, build it back up" approach the company took with its Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 versions. To some extent, though, it all boils down to one question: How do you update football? The answer may very well be found in Madden NFL 07 for the Wii. At first glance, this looks like a pretty basic port of the older console iteration of Madden 07 released earlier in the year. But once you get your hands on it, you'll find a highly revamped experience that makes great use of the Wii's unique capabilities. And it's not just a few things here and there, either. Tons of the various moves and actions of football are mapped to the motion-sensing controls, with largely positive results. There are a few things that maybe don't work quite as well as they could, but by and large, Madden on the Wii is a successful reenvisioning of how football is played on consoles.   
  Altered Beast Review
,  It's somehow fitting that Altered Beast is among the first games available through the Wii's Virtual Console service. After all, back in its day, the game came bundled with the Sega Genesis. Unfortunately, the Genesis version of Altered Beast turned out to be a disappointingly stripped-down translation of the 1988 arcade original, which sported far superior graphics and sound. On the Genesis, Altered Beast still looked and sounded better than a lot of other games that had come before it, but it proved that the Genesis had a way to go before it lived up to its promise of delivering arcade-quality experiences at home. And besides, you could tear through its five short, action-packed levels in a casual afternoon. Two-player simultaneous gameplay and multiple difficulty options padded out the lasting value a little, at least. Today, Altered Beast is a relic, and the Virtual Console version will be worthwhile only to nostalgic fans of the Genesis version in particular.  
  Wii Sports Review
,  Regardless of personal tastes or preferences, there's one game that 
  Rayman Raving Rabbids Review
,  One style of game that seems like it won't be underrepresented on the Wii is the party game, if the Wii's launch lineup is any indication. In Rayman Raving Rabbids, Ubisoft has taken its popular Rayman platformer franchise and turned it into a party game. There is a major single-player component to Raving Rabbids; however, this single-player game doesn't use any of the traditional Rayman gameplay. The entire package consists of different minigames, with many layered throughout the single-player game and also built out into multiplayer. Fortunately, this structure works just fine. The bulk of the game's 70-odd minigames are clever and inventive uses of the Wii's motion-sensing technology, and the game's completely off-the-wall slapstick humor stays fresh and funny all the way through. It could have used more in the way of multiplayer support, but that quibble aside, you'll find plenty of amusement in Raving Rabbids.  
  GT Pro Series Review
,  It slices, it shoots, it...drives a car? That's right, the Wii Remote can add serving as a steering wheel to its list of uses thanks in part to Ubisoft's racing game GT Pro Series. The concept of using the remote to steer a vehicle is used in other games--and will no doubt be used by many others many more times to come--but what makes GT Pro Series unique is that it takes the concept a step further and turns the Wii Remote 
  Ridge Racer 7 Review
,  Last year's Ridge Racer 6 marked the first time that a game in the main Ridge Racer series appeared on a non-Sony platform. With Ridge Racer 7, the series is back on PlayStation and available at launch for the PS3. It brings the same arcade-style, drift-crazy gameplay to Sony's new console, and fans of the series should probably enjoy it. However, there's one small catch: Most of the tracks in Ridge Racer 7 were also in Ridge Racer 6. So while the new car customization options and slipstream speed boosts are features that only fans of the series will immediately appreciate, all of the recycled tracks may make those same fans feel like they've already played some of this game before. The enhancements to the gameplay are still enough of a draw, and to the Sony-faithful Ridge Racer players who passed on the previous installment, Ridge Racer 7 will especially have a lot to offer.  
  Call of Duty 3 Review
,  World War II may have ended in 1945, but that hasn't stopped the Axis and Allies from waging war against one another on the video game front. And now there's a new battleground: the Wii. Call of Duty 3 for the Wii has the same great single-player campaign found in other versions of the game, though it's missing multiplayer options, and not all aspects of the new control scheme work well. But the overall intensity and playability of Call of Duty 3 remain intact, making for an exciting first-person shooter experience despite these issues.  
  Cash Guns Chaos Review
,  If you're going to ape an arcade classic, you could do a lot worse for source material than 1990's Smash TV, which is arguably one of the greatest arcade shooters of all time. Its premise of an ultraviolent game show in which contestants kill, kill, kill for cash and fabulous prizes was awesome, as was its combination of tough gameplay and fantastic, gory style. A great number of shooters have attempted to borrow the formula over the years, though few have borrowed so liberally, with such meager results, as Cash Guns Chaos. One of the first downloadable games available for the PlayStation 3, Cash Guns Chaos tries to take a funkier, more cartoony approach to the whole violent game show concept, and includes the exact same brand of "left stick moves, right stick shoots" gameplay found in Smash TV. The trouble is that the game's style isn't good. The cheesiness wears thin about three stages in, and the enemy designs are dull. On top of that, there are some bizarre issues with the shooting and stage design that make the game way more frustrating than it ought to be.  
  Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam Review
,  Activision's Tony Hawk skateboarding games have undergone some pretty serious changes over the years, but this latest offshoot of the main series is taking things in a new direction: down. Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam takes the trick-oriented gameplay of the Tony Hawk series, streamlines it a great deal, and attempts to cram it all into a racing game. The result is a spasmodic game that's good at making you feel like you're moving fast, but not much else.  
  SOCOM: U.S. Navy Seals: Combined Assault Review
,  The SOCOM games from Sony Computer Entertainment America and developer Zipper Interactive have consistently shown that the PlayStation 2 is fully capable of delivering a robust, lively online shooter experience. These games have always been focused on multiplayer, and with each of the three installments on the PlayStation 2, the online game has improved significantly. But after three great games in three years, the room for improvement has diminished with each new installment. It's perhaps not entirely surprising then that with the fourth game in the series, SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs Combined Assault, leaves the standard online gameplay completely untouched. Instead, it focuses on creating a lengthy and engaging campaign that works great as a single-player experience but can also be played cooperatively online. The result is a new SOCOM game that offers great value for returning SEALs and new recruits alike.  
  Ford Bold Moves Street Racing Review
,  Ford Bold Moves Street Racing for the PlayStation Portable is a handheld version of the underwhelming Xbox/PS2/PC game that features plenty of Ford-brand cars and trucks racing around the highways and byways of Los Angeles. Surprisingly, the game looks and plays best on the PSP; unfortunately, that simply isn't enough to redeem this uninspired, vanilla street-racing game.  
  1701 A.D. Review
,  Based on the date, the galleon on the box cover, and the pirate craze that's taken over pop culture thanks to a certain Captain Jack Sparrow, it's easy to think that 1701 A.D. is about flying the Jolly Roger on the Spanish Main. So you might be crestfallen to hear that this is actually a historical city builder that concentrates on the economic side of developing Caribbean colonies at the dawn of the 18th century. But even though that description sounds a bit blah, this sequel to 1503 A.D.: The New World and 1602 A.D. is more than just an economic simulation. Developer Related Designs has put a little too much emphasis on combat, but has balanced depth with such a great interface and a tremendous ease of play that this is still one of the most lively city builders to hit the PC all year.  
  Elite Beat Agents Review
,  Some of the diehard Nintendo DS owners out there might remember a little game called Osu! Tatakae! Ouendan! that was released last year. A ridiculously addictive and completely bizarre rhythm game that had a group of superhero cheerleaders solving the world's problems through dance, it featured some of the tightest and most challenging gameplay you could find on the DS. Trouble is, it never came out in America. But fret not, because a reenvisioning in the form of Elite Beat Agents has now arrived. This isn't the same Japanese game translated into English. Elite Beat Agents is pretty much an all-new game that Americanizes the formula a bit, adding in covers of American pop songs from a wide variety of eras in lieu of the indecipherably Japanese soundtrack of old. Otherwise though, this is an incredibly faithful follow-up to the original game, and the awesome rhythm-based gameplay and spastic presentation are fully intact.  
  Dungeon Siege: Throne of Agony Review
,  The Dungeon Siege series has carved out a solid niche for itself in the post-Diablo hack-and-slash realm since the original's release on the PC in 2002. Throne of Agony is the franchise's first foray onto a handheld platform. The sleek Dungeon Siege combat and power leveling is pretty satisfying for the first few hours of gameplay. Most of what you'd expect is here: a ton of enemies and loot, a companion for your travels, and the addictive battles that makes the genre so appealing. Although the basics make a smooth transition, the effortless gameplay has been stripped down to its barest essentials, and a number of glitches and other frustrations slow down the quick pace. Even the most dedicated dungeon crawlers will feel the tedium before they get to the game's final act.   
  Contact Review
,  Contact is a weird little adventure role-playing game in which you play as a boy recruited to help a pixelated scientist get his flying space lab back into working condition. It's got a good sense of humor and plenty of charm. Yet while the story can be interesting, the convoluted environments and simplistic, repetitive combat bog down a game that just scrapes by thanks to its quirky style.  
  Marvel Ultimate Alliance Review
,  In 2004, Raven Software surprised a lot of people with X-Men Legends, an action RPG focusing on the exploits of Marvel's mutant superheroes. The Diablo-style gameplay was a significant departure for Raven, a developer best known for its extensive work on first-person shooters. Perhaps more surprising was the game's success in introducing action RPG conventions to the world of superheroes, a fairly novel combination at the time. It proved to be a winning formula, one that Raven further refined with last year's X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse. Not content with the localized struggles of the X-Men, the concept has been blown out to an intergalactic, interdimensional scale with Marvel: Ultimate Alliance. With well over 20 unique playable heroes, a massive campaign that features a wide variety of well-known Marvel Universe villains, supporting characters, and locations, as well as plenty of hidden extras, it's the biggest piece of Marvel fan service seen in a video game. It also builds upon a lot of the gameplay systems established in the X-Men Legends games, making for an experience that's deeper, longer-lasting, and generally more satisfying. As it did with X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse, Vicarious Visions somehow crams nearly all of the content found in the console versions of Marvel: Ultimate Alliance into the PSP.  
  Flushed Away Review
,  Flushed Away for the Nintendo DS is a side-scrolling adventure game based on the animated movie of the same name. In it, players juggle control between two streetwise rats, Roddy and Rita, and explore roughly a dozen levels in search of the items necessary to repair Rita's boat and deliver Roddy back to his cushy life outside the sewers. The game doesn't do much to break out of the standard run-and-jump mold, but the 3D graphics and explorative level layouts should keep the movie's fans interested long enough to see the game through to its speedy conclusion.  
  Phantasy Star Universe Review
,  Well it certainly took them long enough, but Sega and Sonic Team have finally released a proper sequel to one of the first online console games, Phantasy Star Online. Released on the Dreamcast back in 2001, PSO was an action-focused role-playing game that allowed four players to join over a dial-up connection and stomp through dungeons with guns and swords blazing. It was popular because it was simple to understand but contained some real depth by offering a lot of weird, rare items that had players replaying the same four worlds over and over again with the hope that they'd find something crazy. It was also popular because it was free to play online. Updates were released that never really caught on because they were marginal updates that didn't really bring much to the game. They also never caught on because Sega started charging a monthly fee to play the game. Phantasy Star Universe is a proper, built-from-the-ground-up sequel to PSO--at least as far as its gameplay is concerned. It has evolved a fair amount, but not to the extent that you'd call it a modern game. Plus, the online isn't massively multiplayer in any sense of the word and comes with a $9.99 per month fee. Fans of PSO will probably like it, but parts of it feel so ancient that it's difficult to recommend to anyone else.  
  Flushed Away Review
,  There's a fine line of distinction between games that are suited for children and games that are merely crummy. The deciding factor tends to be whether or not the game seems fun despite its cute looks and simple gameplay. In the case of Flushed Away for the Game Boy Advance, D3Publisher has produced a simplistic side-scrolling action game that's clearly geared toward younger players, but they've neglected to make the experience seem anything other than dull and repetitive.  
  Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories Review
,  Rockstar's juggernaut Grand Theft Auto series debuted on the PlayStation Portable late last year in Grand Theft Auto: Liberty City Stories, a side-story prequel to the events that took place in Grand Theft Auto III for the PlayStation 2. With Liberty City Stories, Rockstar successfully translated its open-ended world of crime to a handheld system, though not without a few missteps. Enter Vice City Stories, the newly released PSP GTA game that follows a similar side-story formula. Vice City Stories improves upon some of the flaws found in the first game, not the least of which is improved length and direction, as well as a great deal more personality. The story's still pretty subpar, though, and as much as this is very much Grand Theft Auto, certain conventions of the series are starting to feel a bit antiquated. Still, if you want to roam around a large city, shooting up the place and driving like a crazy person, few games on the PSP let you do that as well as this one does.  
  Space Empires V Review
,  Space Empires IV is a cult favorite among the space strategy crowd. Users have developed tweaks and mods with a fervor that rivals that of blockbuster megahits such as Oblivion, and the developer has a history of releasing numerous patches to address any issues that fans bring to its attention. That's good news for the newest addition to the series, Space Empires V, which has the basis for a great game--but it is ultimately bedeviled by a list of bugs as long as your arm.  
  NBA Live '07 Review
,  If you're in the market for an NBA game on the PC, NBA Live 07 is your only choice. Unfortunately, it's not a very good choice. There aren't any noteworthy new features; the visuals are the same as last year, and the gameplay is riddled with bugs and glitches. Live 07 seems as though it were rushed out the door, and it's an all-around disappointing game.   
  ParaWorld Review
,  If the success of 
  El Matador Review
,  If anyone has a clue about what Plastic Reality Technologies was trying to accomplish with El Matador, please let us know. It's hard to tell what the developer had in mind with this old-fashioned third-person shooter about DEA agent Victor Corbet, who fights the drug trade in Latin America. Because it is absolutely all over the place in terms of style and theme, and the difficulty is so over the top, you can expect to load at least a few dozen saves on every level.  
  Evidence: The Last Ritual Review
,  Serial killing is all the rage these days. You can't channel surf without landing on some Bill Curtis special on the BTK killer or a gruesome 
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  After rebooting the franchise with Need for Speed Underground, EA has continued to produce some solid street racers under the Need for Speed banner. Last year's Need for Speed Most Wanted, which featured hilariously over-the-top live-action cutscenes and seriously tense police pursuits, proved to be a high watermark for the franchise. Now it's being followed up by Need for Speed Carbon, which downplays the role of the police chases, introduces some simple team-racing mechanics, and occasionally takes the action off the city streets and into the outlying canyons. The new gameplay doesn't always improve the experience, but the racing can still be quite intense and still has a pronounced sense of style.   
  Flushed Away Review
,  Loosely based on the animated movie of the same name, Flushed Away is a 3D adventure that follows a mouse named Roddy St. James as he makes his way through the sewers and back to his cushy life in someone's condo. To help Roddy find his way home, you have to guide Roddy and his newfound friend, Rita, through roughly a dozen multilevel missions that involve platform jumping, sneaking, and a few skirmishes with angry insects, rodents, and amphibians. If it sounds like the developers put together a generic run-and-jump game and stuck the movie's characters into it, that's because that's exactly what they did. The design is derivative of countless other games, while the lukewarm presentation relies primarily on recorded video scenes to convey an association with the movie. On top of all that, the game is hampered by technical problems that make it impossible to get through any level without "dying" and respawning multiple times.  
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  After rebooting the franchise with Need for Speed Underground, EA has continued to produce some solid street racers under the Need for Speed banner. Last year's Need for Speed Most Wanted, which featured hilariously over-the-top live-action cutscenes and seriously tense police pursuits, proved to be a high watermark for the franchise. Now it's being followed up by Need for Speed Carbon, which downplays the role of the police chases, introduces some simple team-racing mechanics, and occasionally takes the action off the city streets and into the outlying canyons. The new gameplay doesn't always improve the experience, but the racing can still be quite intense and still has a pronounced sense of style.   
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2007 Review
,  The WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW franchise, from THQ and developer Yuke's, may have finally hit a wall. Granted, we're on the eighth iteration of the series, which dates back all the way to the PlayStation era, and the series has steadily evolved with each sequel, with only a few missteps here and there. But with WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2007, it's tough not to harp on some of the major issues that have gone uncorrected year after year. The collision detection is still suspect. The artificial intelligence is still unreliable. Clipping problems still plague the graphics engine. Now, that's not to suggest that 2007 is devoid of merit. An all-new grappling system does a bit to give the game a fresh feel, and with the series' debut on the Xbox 360, you'll be treated to a glimpse of the visual treats you'll get to experience as SmackDown! inevitably moves from the older consoles to the current crop of hardware. With that said, this version will definitely feel familiar to PlayStation 2 owners. It's another great entry in the SmackDown! lineage that suffers only because what it fixes and improves isn't necessarily what is wrong with this aging game engine. Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it for what it is, but they'll also certainly be wondering if a true overhaul of the series is on the horizon.  
  Yoshi's Island DS Review
,  Many people feel that the original Yoshi's Island is one of the best platformers ever made (if not 
  Lumines II Review
,  With all of the prelaunch hype touting the power of the PSP, few would have guessed that the handheld's best game would be a puzzle game; but that's just what happened. Q Entertainment didn't take any chances with the original's formula in the sequel and instead focused on adding more of everything--skins, music, and play modes. Lumines II is a game that feels fresh for the first few hours, but once the newness of the music wears off, it's pretty much the same as Lumines. It's still one of the best puzzle games of the year, but it's hard not to wish that the game played at least 
  WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2007 Review
,  The WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW franchise, from THQ and developer Yuke's, may have finally hit a wall. Granted, we're on the eighth iteration of the series, which dates back all the way to the PlayStation era, and the series has steadily evolved with each sequel, with only a few missteps here and there. But with WWE SmackDown! vs. RAW 2007, it's tough not to harp on some of the major issues that have gone uncorrected year after year. The collision detection is still suspect. The artificial intelligence is still unreliable. Clipping problems still plague the graphics engine. Now, that's not to suggest that 2007 is devoid of merit. An all-new grappling system does a bit to give the game a fresh feel, and with the series' debut on the Xbox 360, you'll be treated to a glimpse of the visual treats you'll get to experience as SmackDown! inevitably moves from the older consoles to the current crop of hardware. It's another great entry in the SmackDown! lineage that suffers only because what it fixes and improves isn't necessarily what is wrong with this aging game engine. Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it for what it is, but they'll also certainly be wondering if a true overhaul of the series is on the horizon.  
  Children of Mana Review
,  The Mana series of role-playing games from Square Enix is known for charming character design and action-focused dungeon exploration. While it worked in the beginning with the classic Secret of Mana, the formula has grown stale over time. The latest game in the series, Children of Mana, is about as fresh as a week-old tuna sandwich. The game gets by for a short while on an appealing art style, easy-to-grasp gameplay, and almost too-cute characters, but it never goes any deeper. Children of Mana just puts you in one random, generic dungeon after the next, where it's your job to clear each floor of enemies until you reach the boss at the end. If you die, you have to start over at the beginning of the dungeon and repeat the process all over again. The overall design of the game just feels lazy, and the mindless busywork that comprises the bulk of the game simply isn't fun. Children of Mana looks good, with some solid though underdeveloped concepts at play, but it is much too shallow to provide anything more than fleeting enjoyment.  
  Contra Review
,  You're not looking for this Contra. While there's certainly nothing too wrong with the arcade version of Contra, it's the NES version of the game that made the name so popular. So it's inherently disappointing that the arcade version is the one making an appearance on Xbox Live Arcade. It's well emulated and offers some pretty good online co-op play, so the news isn't all bad. On top of that, the developers even slid the NES version's code for 30 lives into the arcade version of the game.  
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  Aficionados of scrappy, arcade-style racing games will feel right at home with Need for Speed Carbon for the Nintendo DS. While the DS game doesn't include all of the features that its counterparts on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox have, it does ape enough of their features and atmosphere such that it delivers the same sort of spirited street-racing experience. Beyond that, it's also a fun, sometimes-hectic game that gives players a good selection of cars, parts, and courses to fiddle with.  
  Star Trek: Encounters Review
,  It's been said that good things come to those who wait. The old saying neglects to mention that bad things sometimes come to those who wait, too. Patient Star Trek fans have waited a while for any Trek-related game, and it's too bad that they'll have to wait even longer for a good one. Star Trek: Encounters is an absolute mess, crippled by a terrible control scheme and frustrating missions that wear on seemingly forever. And even with six editions of the series supplying the narrative, it's a waste of a great license, offering very little to anyone looking for a franchise fix.  
  Jaws Unleashed Review
,  Displayed on the various loading screens of Jaws Unleashed are a number of trivia bits pertaining to the original 
  Stronghold Legends Review
,  It's gotten to the point that you don't know what you're going to get when you open the box of a new Stronghold game. The castle-building franchise from Hartford's Firefly Studios has gone through some significant changes over the past two years, but the latest version throws the whole formula out the window. Stronghold Legends moves the series out of the history books and into D&D-styled real-time strategy territory with mythical heroes, dragons, and dwarves. Yet while this is admittedly a nifty idea, the switch from reality to fantasy kills the historical authenticity that has long been a trademark of the Stronghold line. Even worse, everything seems to have been crowbarred into the aged Stronghold 2 engine, resulting in a generic RTS that has more than a few serious technical and design issues.  
  Star Trek: Tactical Assault Review
,  There's been plenty of Star Trek games over the past few years, but the franchise has never appeared on the Nintendo DS. It's understandable that series fans would be excited about Tactical Assault because the platform is a comfortable home for some quality strategy titles. Yet Tactical Assault is not a typical strategy game, and the original design feels fresh when you first start playing. But it's also a one-trick pony, boiling down to the same basic maneuvers and slow-paced combat. It also horribly overlooks its license. You'll deal with Klingons and Romulans, but the dull story and unrecognizable characters could have been used in any generic intergalactic setting.   
  Need for Speed Carbon: Own the City Review
,  Need for Speed Carbon: Own the City is, for all intents and purposes, an entirely different game from the Need for Speed Carbon that's currently appearing on the Xbox 360, PC, PlayStation 2, and so on. The basic conceit is much the same--you and your team of street racers take on other crews in a bid to take total control of the city--but a lot of the details are different and many are better for it.  
  SOCOM: U.S. Navy SEALs Fireteam Bravo 2 Review
,  SOCOM U.S. Navy SEALs Fireteam Bravo was a remarkable game for a number of reasons when it was released. The game delivered a great tactical shooting experience on the PlayStation Portable as well as excellent online play, two accomplishments that, unfortunately, have been elusive on Sony's handheld. On top of that, Fireteam Bravo introduced new features like real-time voice chat and PSP and PlayStation 2 connectivity. The sequel, aptly named Fireteam Bravo 2, contains all of the same features of the first game, along with a brand-new single-player campaign, slightly refined gameplay, and new and enhanced online multiplayer content. The result is a game that isn't quite as initially impressive as its predecessor, but is still easily one of the best all-around shooters available for the PSP.  
  Guild Wars Nightfall Review
,  It's scarcely been six months since the release of Guild Wars Factions, the follow-up to ArenaNet's innovative online role-playing game, but here comes Guild Wars Nightfall--another massive game featuring plenty of solo, cooperative, and competitive questing and combat. Whereas Factions took place in an Asian-inspired setting, Nightfall has an ancient Egyptian look and feel, and unlike Factions, it's more focused on solo and cooperative questing than on a mix of that and high-level player-versus-player battles. The result is unmistakably similar to the other Guild Wars titles despite a few new features, though it can still be a good starting point for those who haven't given the series a chance yet. However, in spite of all the new content that's on offer in Nightfall's large new continent of Elona, the underlying game hasn't changed much and is starting to show signs of aging.  
  FIFA 07 Review
,  If you're an Xbox-360-owning fan of the FIFA series, you've no doubt been hotly anticipating the arrival of FIFA 07. Not only because the Xbox 360 version shipped to stores almost a month after other versions, but also because FIFA 07 is purportedly the first soccer game that EA Sports has developed from the ground up for Microsoft's console. The good news is that FIFA 07 is undoubtedly the best Xbox 360 game in the series to date. The bad news is that, in some ways, it's still inferior to its PlayStation 2 and Xbox counterparts.   
  Need for Speed Carbon: Own the City Review
,  Compared to other racers that are available for the Game Boy Advance, Need for Speed Carbon holds its own. It's a solid, albeit unremarkable auto romp that gives you plenty of cars, parts, and courses to fiddle with. However, when you compare the GBA version of Carbon to the console versions, or even the DS version, you can't help but feel as though you're getting the short end of the stick. It's not just that many features from the console versions were either scaled back in the GBA version or left out altogether. Somewhere along the line, they just forgot to give the GBA game the same amount of attitude that the other versions have.  
  Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam Review
,  Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam introduces a major paradigm shift to the Tony Hawk franchise. Instead of challenging players to string together their best tricks in large, open environments, as previous Tony Hawk's Pro Skater games on the Game Boy Advance have done, this one shifts the focus toward beating opponents to the finish line in a series of enclosed downhill courses. You still have to pull off tricks to satisfy the criteria in certain events, but, by and large, Downhill Jam is more concerned with speed than high-flying acrobatics. As such, it probably won't appeal to longtime fans of the franchise that want to continue flexing their trick-linking abilities, but it might satisfy racing enthusiasts looking for a change of pace.  
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  After rebooting the franchise with Need for Speed Underground, EA has continued to produce some solid street racers under the Need for Speed banner. Last year's Need for Speed Most Wanted, which featured hilariously over-the-top live-action cutscenes and seriously tense police pursuits, proved to be a high watermark for the franchise. Now it's being followed up by Need for Speed Carbon, which downplays the role of the police chases, introduces some simple team-racing mechanics, and occasionally takes the action off the city streets and into the outlying canyons. The new gameplay doesn't always improve the experience, but the racing can still be quite intense and still has a pronounced sense of style.  
  Power Stone Collection Review
,  Originally released in 1999 as an arcade game running on Sega's modular, then-standard-bearing Naomi hardware, Power Stone found itself a good home on the Sega Dreamcast, where it delivered an accessible style of explosive fighting action. Though it spawned a much-improved sequel, the franchise never made it off Sega's doomed console, until now. Power Stone Collection faithfully resurrects both of these underappreciated brawlers on the PSP. It's a bit of a warts-and-all package. The action has some teeth when played against live opponents, but the weakness of the single-player game is quite pronounced.  
  ProStroke Golf - World Tour 2007 Review
,  There's no question that the Tiger Woods series is the king of video game golf, but that hasn't stopped other developers from trying to get their piece of the pie. While there's always room for more good golf games, ProStroke Golf - World Tour 2007 from Gusto Games doesn't fit the bill. The core gameplay isn't bad, and for the most part, the swing mechanics work just fine. However, the lack of distinguishing features, subpar graphics, and paltry list of licensed pros make ProStroke Golf an underwhelming effort.  
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  After rebooting the franchise with Need for Speed Underground, EA has continued to produce some solid street racers under the Need for Speed banner. Last year's Need for Speed Most Wanted, which featured hilariously over-the-top live-action cutscenes and seriously tense police pursuits, proved to be a high watermark for the franchise. Now it's being followed up by Need for Speed Carbon, which downplays the role of the police chases, introduces some simple team-racing mechanics, and occasionally takes the action off the city streets and into the outlying canyons. The new gameplay doesn't always improve the experience, but the racing can still be quite intense and still has a pronounced sense of style.  
  Flushed Away Review
,  Loosely based on the animated movie of the same name, Flushed Away is a 3D adventure that follows a mouse named Roddy St. James as he makes his way through the sewers and back to his cushy life in someone's condo. To help Roddy find his way home, you have to guide Roddy and his newfound friend, Rita, through roughly a dozen multilevel missions that involve platform jumping, sneaking, and a few skirmishes with angry insects, rodents, and amphibians. If it sounds like the developers put together a generic run-and-jump game and stuck the movie's characters into it, that's because that's exactly what they did. The design is derivative of countless other games, while the lukewarm presentation relies primarily on recorded video scenes to convey an association with the movie. On top of all that, the game is hampered by technical problems that make it impossible to get through any level without "dying" and respawning multiple times.  
  Marvel: Ultimate Alliance Review
,  Games that are based on comic books are rarely notable beyond the licenses they carry. Unfortunately, Marvel: Ultimate Alliance for the Game Boy Advance isn't going to do anything to change that perception. This Final Fight wannabe may let you take control of your favorite Marvel superhero, but it is so sloppy and derivative that it's impossible to enjoy.  
  Nacho Libre Review
,  Making a wrestling game based on 
  Need for Speed Carbon Review
,  After rebooting the franchise with Need for Speed Underground, EA has continued to produce some solid street racers under the Need for Speed banner. Last year's Need for Speed Most Wanted, which featured hilariously over-the-top live-action cutscenes and seriously tense police pursuits, proved to be a high watermark for the franchise. Now it's being followed up by Need for Speed Carbon, which downplays the role of the police chases, introduces some simple team-racing mechanics, and occasionally takes the action off the city streets and into the outlying canyons. The new gameplay doesn't always improve the experience, but the racing can still be quite intense and still has a pronounced sense of style.  
  Death Jr. II: Root of Evil Review
,  The original Death Jr. received quite a bit of attention because it was one of the first PlayStation Portable games shown in video form. Its impressive 3D graphics gave consumers their first glimpse into the capabilities of the PSP. Unfortunately, when it was finally released, Death Jr. didn't live up to the hype. Just over a year later, the follow-up, Death Jr. II: Root of Evil, has been released, and it shares many of its predecessor's problems. The great characters and mostly interesting level design are no match for the lousy camera placement, frustrating controls, and shallow story.  
  Justice League Heroes: The Flash Review
,  As the title implies, Justice League Heroes: The Flash provides beat-'em-up gameplay that puts you in the shoes of the fastest man alive. To thwart Braniac's latest attempt at world domination, you'll have to run and fight your way through 12 pseudo-3D levels that are packed with killer mechanoids and tricky supervillains. Although it may sound like it's just another generic action romp, The Flash's game distinguishes itself by incorporating the character's abilities in imaginative ways. It also presents slicker graphics and audio than the typical licensed tie-in.  
  Magical Starsign Review
,  Magical Starsign is a colorful and lighthearted role-playing game that tries its very best to charm you right out of the gate. From the overly cutesy art style to the game's amusing penchant for naming characters after foods, there's almost always something to make you smile. While its starsign-based, sometimes awkwardly paced battle system and simplistic storyline are short on depth, there's enough personality filling the niches to keep this little RPG appealing.  
  ATV Offroad Fury 4 Review
,  Since taking over development duties for Sony's ATV Offroad Fury series, Climax has transformed it from a standard off-road racer to one of the better, if underappreciated, racing franchises out there. With ATV Offroad Fury 4, Sony and Climax have delivered the best game in the series so far.   
  Justice League Heroes Review
,  You'd think superheroes and video games would be a match made in heaven. However, games that are based on comic book heroes rarely live up to expectations. That's certainly the case with Justice League Heroes for the Nintendo DS. This 3D beat-'em-up game lets you control four of DC Comics' most popular characters, but it also homogenizes their superpowers to such an extent that you never get to experience what makes each individual character unique. On top of that, the bland levels, cookie-cutter enemies, and the overall half-hearted presentation make the game feel less like the superhero homage it ought to be and more like a generic hack job.  
  Work Time Fun Review
,  Work Time Fun hates you. And to prove the depths of its hatred, it's going to make you perform the most menial minigame tasks ever put on a disc. Oh, and your reward for completing those tasks? How about more tasks and a bunch of meaningless trinkets? Sound good? That's the crazy part. Work Time Fun shouldn't be any good, yet it all works. With its heavy dose of Japanese eccentricity and an English translation that manages to preserve most of the chaos, Work Time Fun is a unique package that isn't for everyone. But like Katamari Damacy, Work Time Fun is a game that you wouldn't have expected to leave the Japanese market. This game is weird and completely crazy, and if that's your thing, you should pick it up.  
  Killzone: Liberation Review
,  Though 2004's Killzone for the PlayStation 2 might not be the most fondly remembered of sci-fi first-person shooters, Killzone: Liberation for the PSP is bound to make a more lasting impression. For one thing, Liberation has just about zero to do with its PS2 predecessor from a gameplay perspective. It's still a shooter, but the viewpoint has been switched to an isometric, top-down view and the action itself has improved exponentially. This is a game that provides a great deal of intense shooting action, with tough enemy opponents that don't lie down and die easily. Throw in an ad hoc competitive multiplayer component and co-op play for the whole campaign, and you've got a thoroughly excellent package.  
  ATV Offroad Fury Pro Review
,  The original ATV Offroad Fury Blazin' Trails was a fun, fast off-road racer for the PlayStation Portable. While the gameplay formula hasn't changed much in the follow-up, ATV Offroad Fury Pro dramatically ups the ante in terms of content. Simply put, there is an awful lot to do in ATV Offroad Fury Pro and much of it is a rollicking handheld good time.   
  Football Manager 2007 Review
,  Football Manager 2007 is Sports Interactive's third game since leaving the Championship Manager name behind, and while it's a case of evolution rather than revolution, it turns screens of statistics into something so absorbing that it is possible to lose entire hours, days, and weeks of your life.  
  Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent Review
,  Gruff, tireless agent Sam Fisher and his top-secret missions in all the Splinter Cell games have helped to popularize a style of play that blends a lot of sneaking around with quick, short doses of extreme force. The fourth Splinter Cell game in as many years, Double Agent for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 delivers some exciting results through a familiar formula. It doesn't look quite as flashy, but overall this is as impressive a game as the version released shortly beforehand for the Xbox 360. There's a lot to this package, between the challenging and replayable solo campaign, more than a dozen cooperative missions designed for two players, and a variety of all-new competitive multiplayer modes. But the biggest and strangest surprise is that the content of these versions of the game is completely different from the Xbox 360 version, such that Splinter Cell fans really owe it to themselves to play both the 360 version and one of these.  
  Tony Hawk's Downhill Jam Review
,  The Tony Hawk series has traditionally been all about open-ended levels that give you the freedom to skate however you like and do whatever you want while seeking out goals that will help you move ahead. Downhill Jam puts those goals on a steep slope and refocuses the trick-based gameplay of the franchise to support what's essentially a downhill racing game. The structure of the game is pretty sound, but moving the tricks into a racing scenario completely changes the game, and not always for the better.  
  Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell Double Agent Review
,  Gruff, tireless agent Sam Fisher and his top-secret missions in all the Splinter Cell games have helped to popularize a style of play that blends a lot of sneaking around with quick, short doses of extreme force. The fourth Splinter Cell game in as many years, Double Agent for the Xbox and PlayStation 2 delivers some exciting results through a familiar formula. It doesn't look quite as flashy, but overall this is as impressive a game as the version released shortly beforehand for the Xbox 360. There's a lot to this package, between the challenging and replayable solo campaign, more than a dozen cooperative missions designed for two players, and a variety of all-new competitive multiplayer modes. But the biggest and strangest surprise is that the content of these versions of the game is completely different from the Xbox 360 version, such that Splinter Cell fans really owe it to themselves to play both the 360 version and one of these.     
  The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning Review
,  As the title implies, The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning represents a "do over" for the Spyro franchise. Vivendi Games and Amaze Entertainment have completely overhauled the game engine from Spyro: Shadow Legacy, switching the emphasis purely to combat and nixing the collect-a-thon and role-playing aspects that everyone hated. At the same time, they've thrown out Spyro's history and conjured up a new origin story that introduces new allies and enemies into the purple dragon's fantasy world. Some players will find the constant combat overly repetitive and run-of-the-mill. Others will enjoy how the game lets them constantly cut loose with Spyro's fearsome attacks. Regardless of which group you may fall into, if you're a Spyro fan, you'll probably get past the doldrums because of the super-snazzy cinematic cutaways and slick touch-screen boss battles that wait at the end of each area. Indeed, The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning offers you ample payoff for your perseverance.   
  The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning Review
,  It might be hard to believe for anyone who has played a Spyro the Dragon game recently, but in the late 1990s, the little purple dragon was the star of some of the better platform games on the original PlayStation. The transition from the PlayStation to the current generation of consoles has not been kind to Spyro, and the series hit rock bottom with 2002's dismal Spyro: Enter the Dragonfly. 2004's A Hero's Tail improved upon Enter the Dragonfly, but it wasn't a great game either, and many felt the series had run its course. But mascots don't die--they just start over. After a two-year break, Spyro is back with The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning. Spyro's got some new moves and the characters are brought to life by some big-name voice talent, but these aren't enough to make the game interesting. Both children and adults alike will have a hard time getting excited about the uninspired level design, bland script, and repetitive nature of the gameplay.  
  The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning Review
,  Spyro doesn't have the best track record on the Game Boy Advance, but the purple dragon's previous outings weren't terrible either. Nevertheless, Sierra and Krome Studios decided it was time to make some major changes in Spyro's universe. They've thrown those old isometric collect-a-thons out the window, along with Spyro's entire history, and are starting from scratch with The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning. This new game features an all-new origin story and an all-new side-scrolling game engine. Ironically, however, while everything is indeed new, nothing has really improved. The graphics, audio, and gameplay all feel very much out of date. And the combat, which is the focus of the game, is repetitive to the point of exasperation.  
  Cars Review
,  Released back in June to coincide with the release of the film, THQ and developer Rainbow Studios' rendition of Pixar Animation Studios' 
  The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning Review
,  It might be hard to believe for anyone who has played a Spyro the Dragon game recently, but in the late 1990s, the little purple dragon was the star of some of the better platform games on the original PlayStation. The transition from the PlayStation to the current generation of consoles has not been kind to Spyro, and the series hit rock bottom with 2002's dismal Spyro: Enter the Dragonfly. 2004's A Hero's Tail improved upon Enter the Dragonfly, but it wasn't a great game either, and many felt the series had run its course. But mascots don't die--they just start over. After a two-year break, Spyro is back with The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning. Spyro's got some new moves and the characters are brought to life by some big-name voice talent, but these aren't enough to make the game interesting. Both children and adults alike will have a hard time getting excited about the uninspired level design, bland script, and repetitive nature of the gameplay.  
  The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning Review
,  It might be hard to believe for anyone who has played a Spyro the Dragon game recently, but in the late 1990s, the little purple dragon was the star of some of the better platform games on the original PlayStation. The transition from the PlayStation to the current generation of consoles has not been kind to Spyro, and the series hit rock bottom with 2002's dismal Spyro: Enter the Dragonfly. 2004's A Hero's Tail improved upon Enter the Dragonfly, but it wasn't a great game either, and many felt the series had run its course. But mascots don't die--they just start over. After a two-year break, Spyro is back with The Legend of Spyro: A New Beginning. Spyro's got some new moves and the characters are brought to life by some big-name voice talent, but these aren't enough to make the game interesting. Both children and adults alike will have a hard time getting excited about the uninspired level design, bland script, and repetitive nature of the gameplay.  
  .hack//G.U. vol. 1//Rebirth Review
,  Apparently four .hack games in less than a year just wasn't enough, so Namco Bandai Games and developer CyberConnect2 are set to crank out another trilogy of .hack games for the PlayStation 2. Beginning with .hack//G.U. vol. 1//Rebirth, the new G.U. series is set in a revised version of the fictional massively multiplayer online role-playing game known as The World. Rebirth takes place after the events in the original .hack series, and although the game follows what is technically a "new" story, it feels all too familiar. The G.U. series does improve on the previous games by updating the presentation and streamlining the battle system, but that doesn't make it any easier to get excited about paying close to full price for yet another go-nowhere episode in a franchise that already feels like it's been stretched too thin.  
  F.E.A.R. Extraction Point Review
,  Halloween is a fitting enough time to release F.E.A.R. Extraction Point, the expansion to last year's creepy first-person shooter. Like its predecessor, Extraction Point puts you in the boots of the "point man" of the military's First Encounter Assault Recon team. Think of it as the Pentagon's equivalent to 
  Reservoir Dogs Review
,  As has been seen time and time again, messing with classic films for video game adaptations can be a dicey prospect. Sometimes, against all odds, it works out, and you get something surprisingly enjoyable. Other times, you get hollow action games that simply use a classic film as a crutch to peddle unremarkable gameplay, and end up offending the very audience at which the game proclaims to be for. Eidos Interactive's Reservoir Dogs falls distinctly to the latter end of the spectrum. Based on the cult-classic Quentin Tarantino film about a group of foul-mouthed robbers trying to sniff out a rat among their group after a jewel heist gone wrong, this third-person action game tries to justify its existence by expanding upon many of the questions left at the end of the film. The problem is that none of the answers are very interesting. These new sequences act less as legitimate fan service and more as a hackneyed means to put you through a series of boring, clunky, and disjointed shooter levels, as well as some painfully frustrating driving sequences.   
  Reservoir Dogs Review
,  As has been seen time and time again, messing with classic films for video game adaptations can be a dicey prospect. Sometimes, against all odds, it works out, and you get something surprisingly enjoyable. Other times, you get hollow action games that simply use a classic film as a crutch to peddle unremarkable gameplay, and end up offending the very audience at which the game proclaims to be for. Eidos Interactive's Reservoir Dogs falls distinctly to the latter end of the spectrum. Based on the cult-classic Quentin Tarantino film about a group of foul-mouthed robbers trying to sniff out a rat among their group after a jewel heist gone wrong, this third-person action game tries to justify its existence by expanding upon many of the questions left at the end of the film. The problem is that none of the answers are very interesting. These new sequences act less as legitimate fan service and more as a hackneyed means to put you through a series of boring, clunky, and disjointed shooter levels, as well as some painfully frustrating driving sequences.   
  Dark Messiah of Might and Magic Review
,  The Might and Magic universe dates all the way back to 1986. In those 20 years, we've seen plenty of different games on plenty of different platforms, but most of them have fallen squarely into the turn-based strategy or role-playing sectors. Dark Messiah of Might and Magic, from Ubisoft and Arkane Studios, doesn't really fall into either of those categories. Like Arkane's previous game, Arx Fatalis, this is a first-person game. But Dark Messiah of Might and Magic is extremely light on the role-playing, instead focusing its energy on sword-swinging, magic-fireball-shooting action. Unfortunately, the action gets repetitive quickly, and the game's often-transparent storyline doesn't pick up any of the slack.  
  The Guild 2 Review
,  While nobody expects a game about building a family dynasty in medieval Europe to be an action-packed thrill ride, The Guild 2 is so detail-oriented that it should be on meds for obsessive-compulsive disorder. Much like its predecessor, 2002's Europa 1400: The Guild, this is a micromanager's dream. 4Head Studios' manner of blending The Sims-style babysitting with Middle Ages economics remains original, but the gameplay is so repetitive and meticulous that it will even wear down medieval history buffs.  
  Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. the Soulless Army Review
,  Atlus returns us to demon-filled Japan in Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Summoner - Raidou Kuzunoha vs. the Soulless Army. Much like previous games in the franchise, this installment focuses gameplay around demon summoning and enhancement, but this time it's all wrapped up in a new action-based battle system. The result has some balance and pacing issues that serve to detract from the experience, but Devil Summoner's dark and intriguing premise still makes for an interesting ride into demonic fantasy.  
  Reservoir Dogs Review
,  As has been seen time and time again, messing with classic films for video game adaptations can be a dicey prospect. Sometimes, against all odds, it works out, and you get something surprisingly enjoyable. Other times, you get hollow action games that simply use a classic film as a crutch to peddle unremarkable gameplay, and end up offending the very audience at which the game proclaims to be for. Eidos Interactive's Reservoir Dogs falls distinctly to the latter end of the spectrum. Based on the cult-classic Quentin Tarantino film about a group of foul-mouthed robbers trying to sniff out a rat among their group after a jewel heist gone wrong, this third-person action game tries to justify its existence by expanding upon many of the questions left at the end of the film. The problem is that none of the answers are very interesting. These new sequences act less as legitimate fan service and more as a hackneyed means to put you through a series of boring, clunky, and disjointed shooter levels, as well as some painfully frustrating driving sequences.   
  Justice League Heroes Review
,  
  Family Guy Review
,  Who would have thought that after twice being canceled in a period of just over two years, 
  Family Guy Review
,  Who would have thought that after twice being canceled in a period of just over two years, 
  Star Wars: Empire at War: Forces of Corruption Review
,  Many true Star Wars fans had been waiting years for the strategy game Star Wars: Empire at War. Forgetting all about Jar Jar Binks and the prequel trilogy, Empire at War plunged you into the heart of the Galactic Civil War seen in the original trilogy, with its Imperial Star Destroyers, Rebel scum, and popular characters, such as Luke Skywalker and Darth Vader. Thanks to epic land and space battles, as well as an intriguing strategic campaign, Empire at War is one of the best strategy games of this year. So it was perhaps inevitable that we come to Forces of Corruption, an expansion pack that plunges you deeper into that galaxy far, far away with a distinct new faction and new content that allow for whole new strategies.  
  Medal of Honor Heroes Review
,  The PlayStation Portable is home to many great games in a wide variety of genres; however, none of these great games are first-person shooters. The system's lack of a second analog stick and developers' inability to find a manageable control scheme have seemingly left the PSP as a machine destined to never have a great first-person shooter. If Medal of Honor Heroes is any indication, all hope is not yet lost. In Heroes, EA Canada has crafted a fine portable version of the Medal of Honor series. While far from perfect, it's the most enjoyable FPS to grace the PSP to date.   
  Justice League Heroes Review
,  Since first making a name for itself with its enjoyable 2001 Diablo knockoff, Baldur's Gate: Dark Alliance, developer Snowblind Studios has focused its efforts exclusively on developing similar hack-and-slash dungeon crawlers. Justice League Heroes takes much of what Snowblind has done with swords and sorcerers but applies it to the capes-and-tights crowd, which makes for a surprisingly good fit. The experience is faster paced and more approachable than something like Champions: Return to Arms. Although some fans might sweat certain casting choices or liberties taken with the DC universe, there's plenty of high-quality fan service to make up for it.  
  Family Guy Review
,  Who would have thought that after twice being canceled in a period of just over two years, 
  FIFA 07 Review
,  Almost a year to the day since the release of FIFA 06, EA Sports has released that game's inevitable sequel, FIFA 07, for the PlayStation Portable. Last year's game represented a major improvement over its predecessor; so the question, of course, is whether or not the same can be said of this year's offering. For the most part, the answer is yes, but although FIFA 07 plays the same enjoyable, fast-paced soccer that its home-console counterparts do, the game counts a handful of bugs among its new features, one of which can occasionally shut down your PSP completely in the middle of a match when playing in manager mode.   
  Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3 Review
,  In the early 90s, before first-person shooters became the competitive genre of choice for video games and the rise of the Internet removed most of our reasons to actually leave the house, you used to have to go outside to find good video game competition. And when you got out to those arcades, the genre of choice was the fighting game. The halcyon days of arcades are way behind us now, and the 2D fighting game has all but gone with them. The burgeoning retrogaming movement, combined with the power of the Internet, offers a lot of potential for the fighting genre, but there haven't been very many fighting games with online play at all, and those that do have it usually haven't worked very well. Now, Midway and the emulation wizards at Digital Eclipse are taking another crack at 2D fighting on the Xbox 360 with the release of Ultimate Mortal Kombat 3, the last 2D Mortal Kombat game to hit arcades. It's a terrific version of the arcade original, and on top of that, the online actually works really well.  
  Championship Manager 2007 Review
,  Championship Manager is a name that has become synonymous in the UK for over a decade with the concept of a great, in-depth football management game. Originally developed by Sports Interactive, the game has been the responsibility of Beautiful Game Studios (BGS) since 2004. Unfortunately their initial attempts frankly weren't up to scratch but with the benefit of time and stability under the new SCi-Eidos regime, the team has succeeded in building those early efforts into something far more worthy of the CM brand.  
  Greg Hastings' Tournament Paintball Max'd Review
,  The Greg Hastings Tournament Paintball games from Activision have appeared on the Xbox, Nintendo DS, and even the Game Boy Advance, but for whatever reason the PlayStation 2 has been without a decent paintball game until now. However, because Greg Hastings Tournament Paintball Max'd on the PlayStation 2 is the same game that came out almost a full year prior on the Xbox, it feels dated. It doesn't help that by now the previous versions of the game cost much less than the PlayStation 2 version, despite their being practically identical. But if you haven't played any of the previous games, you'll find that Max'd offers an engaging and skillful game of paintball with good online play and plenty of authentic content.   
  Ace Combat X: Skies of Deception Review
,  The Ace Combat series is known for delivering great-looking, pick-up-and-play flight combat, featuring lots of authentic real-world jet fighters and surprisingly rich storylines. Thanks to an original story and several key new features, you can now experience this on the PSP in Ace Combat X: Skies of Deception, a game that's unmistakably similar to its predecessors yet more than just a hand-me-down from the PlayStation 2. Perhaps best of all, Ace Combat X plays surprisingly well on the PSP. Although its visuals aren't quite as slick as in the PS2 installments, it's a remarkably intense action game that you can take with you on the go.  
  Harlem Globetrotters: World Tour Review
,  Whether you're a fan of the Harlem Globetrotters or just looking for a basketball game to play on your Game Boy Advance, you're bound to be disappointed by Harlem Globetrotters: World Tour. This pathetic NBA Jam rip-off contains none of the Globetrotters' trademark shtick, and, worse than that, it serves up a flimsy rendition of basketball that's as broken as it is dull.  
  Dynasty Warriors Vol. 2 Review
,  Alongside the launch of the PSP early last year came the debut of Koei's venerable hack-and-slash franchise in Dynasty Warriors. As a stripped-down, bite-sized version of the typical battles found in one of the console games, Dynasty Warriors was serviceable but not exactly impressive. Though Koei has since released a Samurai Warriors game that tweaked a couple of the problems found in that first title, Dynasty Warriors Vol. 2 is the first proper DW sequel for the PSP. As Samurai Warriors: State of War did, DW Vol. 2 touches up the experience a bit by adding additional multiplayer modes, a couple of items, and all 48 of the playable warriors found in the console titles. Although these additions don't hurt one bit, the core issues of the gameplay and graphics remain as problematic as ever.  
  Scarface: Money. Power. Respect. Review
,  The film 
  Gun Showdown Review
,  Last year, developer Neversoft deviated from its busy schedule of cranking out nothing but Tony Hawk's skateboarding games for a refreshing change of pace in the gritty Old West action adventure game, Gun. Though Gun wound up being probably a little too short for its own good, it offered some exciting shooting action and a good story. Now, a version of the game is available to take with you on the go in Gun Showdown, which is more than just a straight port of the original thanks to some extra effort put in by developer Rebellion. Gun Showdown adds some new multiplayer modes, playable against computer-controlled bots and not just human players, as well as some fittingly named quickplay modes that can be fun for a few minutes at a time. As for the main story mode, it's improved in some ways but scaled back in others, and the game's controls take maybe too much getting used to for a game that ought to be simple to play. Nevertheless, you won't find a better portable Western-themed shooter currently available.  
  Age of Empires III: The WarChiefs Review
,  When Age of Empires III arrived last year, it updated the famed real-time strategy series with gorgeous new visuals, though the sequel played it safe and offered only evolutionary improvements to the series' proven formula. You could take control of one of the great colonial powers during the Age of Discovery, which meant building villages to harvest resources and constructing forts, barracks, markets, walls, and more. Meanwhile, armies that consisted of militias, muskets, canons, and more tried to sweep the enemy factions off of the map. The overall experience ended up being very familiar to Age and real-time strategy veterans, though that didn't stop it from being fun and engaging.  
  Nintendogs: Dalmatian and Friends Review
,  Just when you thought the storm of unbearably cute puppies had fully passed, Nintendogs comes romping back to the fore in Dalmatian and Friends. This is the same game that was released last year, only this time around you'll have the option to start out with what was in previous versions an unlockable breed only: the Dalmatian. If you haven't yet experienced Nintendo's portable puppy phenomenon, this is as fine an introduction as any, and you'll still end up with a great virtual companion at your beck and call.  
  Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 Review
,  Tiger Woods' first foray onto the Xbox 360 was a prime example of style over substance. The courses looked great, but they numbered just six and there weren't many different ways to enjoy them. It also didn't play much differently than it did on the consoles--a disappointment for those who were expecting it to be more than just a prettier version of what they had been playing for years. EA Sports has addressed those issues by adding a new aiming system, doubling the number of courses, and adding a host of new play modes. There's still room for improvement, but Tiger Woods PGA Tour 07 is a great golf game that plays as good as it looks.   
  FIFA 07 Review
,  Almost a year to the day since the release of FIFA 06, EA Sports has released that game's inevitable sequel, FIFA 07 for the GameCube. Last year's game could only be described as the best FIFA game to date; so the question, of course, is whether or not EA Canada has improved upon that game in any meaningful way. Not all of the changes that have been implemented since last year's game have been for the better, but there are more than enough improvements here to make FIFA 07 worth a look.  
  The Sims 2: Pets Review
,  The Sims series started on the PC as a popular and difficult-to-describe strategy game that let you control the lives of little computer people in the houses you built for them, as they loved, grew old, had families, and occasionally used the potty. Seven years, several different game platforms, and numerous editions later, the series has become known for offering zany humor, colorful graphics, a gibberish language that its "sim" characters speak (known as "simlish"), and cheerful music. However, the console versions of the Sims games never quite stacked up to the PC version, mainly because the console games tended to focus on collection-based minigames and unlocking hidden items. Also, they never seemed to capture the autonomous, unpredictable artificial intelligence that powered those happy little sims in the PC versions. However, The Sims 2: Pets for the GameCube ends up being closer to The Sims 2's occasionally unpredictable gameplay than any other console Sims game to date, and it adds in some additional pet-based gameplay, while keeping the console versions' typical collection gameplay in the form of cooking recipes.   
