
              Kirby: Planet Robobot Review
            ,Like so many of his past outings, Kirby's latest adventure is about partaking in a lively world filled with charming monsters. Kirby can inhale these creatures to acquire new abilities; you can go from swinging a sword to throwing bombs to riding a wave of poison all in the span of a few screens. Kirby has more than 20 transformations in Planet Robobot, and it's an impressive feat that each one offers a distinct skillset that redefines how you move, attack, and defend.

              Duelyst Review
            ,A lot of the trappings around Duelyst will make longtime Hearthstone players feel perfectly at home. You can select from several factions--equivalent to classes--and enter practice matches against AI, online matches with other players, or a tournament mode where decks are built on-the-fly. Three losses in a single tournament (a mode which is still in development and is therefore not always available) equals elimination, while the number of victories dictates the value of the reward a player receives. There are orbs instead of card packs to purchase with in-game or real currency, but they function in much the same way. Once opened, they spit out cards of varying rarity for the game's different factions, as well as a neutral faction that you can freely utilize. Unwanted cards can be broken down, coveted cards crafted, and decks can be customized to your heart's content.

              The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine Review
            ,Blood and Wine is sometimes as thematically dark as its predecessors. The vampire-focused main story explores the creatures’ innate lust for blood, among other quirks and passions, and the related scenes are dramatic and distressing in fine Witcher tradition. Yet compared to the rest of The Witcher 3, Blood and Wine is brighter and more ebullient, downplaying the melancholy and bringing humor to the forefront. That isn’t to say that this series has never been funny; in fact, it’s always possessed a wicked sense of wit. The humor has never been this ubiquitous or straightforward, however. You might hear a local singing “El Condor Pasa” under his breath as you pass by on your search for a statue’s missing testicles, or you may do a double-take when you notice not-so-subtle references to GOG.com, publisher CD Projekt’s digital storefront.

              Homefront: The Revolution Review
            ,Its attempts to explore those political themes feel clumsy and superficial. Its mechanics embrace the scrappy nature of guerilla combat, but technical shortcomings generally force you into rudimentary run-and-gunning. The lengthy story campaign packs plenty of impressive moments that make good on the promising premise, but the game's myriad flaws turn what could have been a thrilling yet thoughtful shooter into a derivative, mediocre also-ran with serviceable shooting and plenty of unrealized potential.

              Tastee: Lethal Tactics Review
            ,It all revolves around simultaneous turn-based combat in two phases. In the planning stage, you direct the stance, movement, vision cones, and attacks of four individual mercenaries fighting your opponents. In the action phase, you watch your plan unfold--all while the enemy does the same.

              Stellaris Review
            ,We'd coexisted with our neighbors peacefully for centuries, but we were out of space and desperate for some breathing room. Our scientists yearned to comb through the rest of the galaxy's hyperspace lanes and long-forgotten ruins. And our priests were compelled to spread the will of the divine. So the galaxy erupted in war.

              Soft Body Review
            ,You control two snakes that either move in unison or independently, dependent on the given level. The control inputs typically only require the left and right analog sticks. Using them, you guide snakes around a geometric landscape filled with angular enemies that emit waves of projectiles. You have to complete a collection of small objectives in order to beat each level, which usually involves moving a small ball or circular object around a maze, “painting” borders by touching or merely coming close enough to them, and destroying nearby enemies. The objectives remain simple and straightforward throughout, but the layout and challenges vastly differ from puzzle to puzzle. Despite their variance, none of the puzzles stray too far from Soft Body’s established rule set, and each design features the similar visual stylings and effects while also introducing new colors and contrasts.

              Galak-Z: The Void Review
            ,The Void's main focus is its score attack mode. It thrusts you into the titular abyss as you fight through familiar enemies such as space bugs, pirates, and mercenaries, all in the interest of increasing your standing in online leaderboards. There is no actual end--as long as you survive, you continue.

              Chronos Review
            ,A third-person action-adventure game, Chronos puts you in control of an 18 year old character, and every time you die and respawn, you age a year. With aging comes changes to your character. While you're young, there's a bigger emphasis on your strength, agility, and vitality stats, but that wanes as you grow older--your arcane stat becomes more significant, as your other three stats grow at a slower rate. Starting at age 20, you earn a trait every 10 years that grants you a significant stat boost in either strength, agility, arcane, or vitality. Getting older is just as scary as it is in real life, so staying alive feels paramount to staying strong and healthy; thankfully, it's not quite as dire as that since I never felt like I needed to restart because I had gotten too old--you don't lose any of the points you assign after leveling up.

              Invisible, Inc. Console Edition Review
            ,It’s tense and challenging, yes, but Invisible Inc. is also simple, elegant, and always logical. It introduces new concepts in a slow drip, giving you plenty of time to work out the details. The titular spy agency is violently infiltrated, initiating a time-sensitive series of global heists and sneakabouts, each of which you control from an isometric perspective in the style of strategy games like XCOM. You begin with a duo but steadily add imprisoned agents to your roster as you spring them from holding cells. Ultimately, you take up to four agents on missions, which typically involve obtaining sensitive data from a terminal, grabbing ill-gotten credits, and hightailing it out of there.

              P.O.L.L.E.N Review
            ,First-person adventure games have received a lot of attention over the last couple of years. Releases like Firewatch, Gone Home, Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture, and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter deliver strong, emotional narratives through high quality writing and environmental design, with artfully crafted atmosphere.

              Offworld Trading Company Review
            ,I bought up some land on prime locations, taking care to keep them far apart so I couldn’t lose control of my critical buildings all at once. Then I built some new geothermal plants--the most efficient and productive energy producers available--before employing hackers to jack up the price of power even higher. Then I used a series of black market options including labor strikes and dynamite to disable the power plants of my competitors. Soon I was the only supplier of power around and I was selling it for ten times what I'd paid just a few minutes before. My debt evaporated in seconds and I crippled my foes, causing their stock prices to tumble. I sold off some assets and bought my competitor's shares up. And it was all over.

              The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 3: What We Deserve Review
            ,The fallout of the second episode is dealt with, for sure--and how to leverage that outcome in order to please Norma and the remnants of the shantytown Michonne helped ruin. Once it’s figured out, however, Michonne is left as the only true adult in a house of abandoned children. The time with them that follows can be played coldly, but the cruelty of Michonne keeping distance from those in need, given what she has and will envision, doesn't feel right. To take Michonne this far is to accept that the mother she was did not die with her daughters, and more than the machete at her back, this is what will keep her alive. And so much of the first half of the episode goes, with Michonne carefully preparing her unconventional family for the worst. Aching, mournful moments lie within: a mother’s last letter, having to explain to a child what happened to his father, the decision to spend precious time to conduct a burial. And yet, it is all to the benefit of Michonne herself, showing strength far beyond the ability to lop of zombie limbs.

              Severed Review
            ,Severed places you in the role of Sasha. Her home burned, her family taken, and her left-arm severed, she wakes up to find everything she loves destroyed. When a mysterious and frightful vision bestows her with a living sword that sucks up power by severing limbs, Sasha ventures forth into a nightmarish maze in search of a resolution.

              The Banner Saga 2 Review
            ,However, this is not the ideal point to enter the series. The Banner Saga 2’s mechanics, its layers of consequential decision-making, strategic management, and tactical turn-based combat are enjoyable within the confined context of this sequel, but the narrative events of The Banner Saga are intertwined with its mechanical decisions. Many plot developments and branching commitments, one of which players may have to make before the game even begins, are made more potent and morally complex with knowledge of events from the first game in the series.

              SteamWorld Heist Review
            ,Heist takes place in a steampunk world where Earth has exploded into fragments and the steam-driven robots that now inhabit the remains struggle to survive. You control a band of smugglers led by a cunning but honorable rogue, Captain Piper Faraday. While she typically pursues her own interests, an evil faction stirs up trouble on her turf, forcing her and her crew into a massive, unavoidable conflict.

              MLB The Show 16 Review
            ,Which brings me to MLB The Show 16. Like Keeler, the latest addition to Sony’s long-running baseball game franchise is also one of the greatest of all time, once again making its spectacularly realistic simulation of the National Pastime seem awfully easy. Even though the series has been so good for so long that I’m always tempted to take it for granted, every spring I find that the game has been improved just enough over the previous edition that I can’t imagine going back to its predecessor. This year is no different. While the features list doesn’t contain any showstopping changes, the new MLB game has grabbed me yet again.

              King's Quest Chapter 2: Rubble Without a Cause Review
            ,That said, Rubble Without a Cause sure can be charming. This chapter continues with the saccharine Saturday-morning-cartoon vibe that made its predecessor so compelling, with broadly drawn characters reminiscent of something that a TV network might have aired in the 1980s when the original King’s Quest games got their start. As with the first chapter in this planned five-part saga, these new tales--recounted by an elderly King Graham to his grandchildren--fill in the blanks between the classic King’s Quest adventures to show how the monarch got his start and then settled into his role ruling Daventry.

              Oxenfree Review
            ,That is the plot of Oxenfree: someone bored and restless teases the unknown, and after poking it too much, enters a downward spiral where everything goes to hell. It begins with five teenagers visiting an island near their hometown for a raucous high school party. They stumble upon something odd in the depths of a cave, and after communicating with it via radio signals, accidentally unleash a paranormal force. In order to save themselves from these entities, they must figure out who or what they are and how to exorcise them. There are a handful of different endings and directions the narrative can take, and the experience of exploring Oxenfree's odds captivated me. In one ending, you barely escape with your skin. In another, someone in your friends' group doesn't make it with you. In a third, I stumbled upon additional collectibles that painted a haunting picture of what the entities were, spurring me to double back on my trek across the island and dig for more intel. The information I found was unexpected, and as I found more answers I began assembling a picture of deepest tragedy. Picking apart each knot of narrative threads dragged me back for third and fourth playthroughs in an effort to unearth all of Oxenfree's chilling lore.

              Amplitude Review
            ,For those who missed Amplitude in the early aughts, here are the basics: you blast notes in time with the music as your sci-fi-looking ship rockets down a psychedelic highway. That highway consists of multiple parallel lanes, each of which represents a different sonic element such as drums, bass, or vocals. Each lane contains only left, right, and middle notes, but in order to really rack up points, you must strategically switch between lanes as the song progresses. Every time you miss a note or complete a preset sequence, your current lane falls away into the abyss below, leaving you precious little time to flip over to a new lane.

              Fat Princess Adventures Review
            ,However, with dull combat and a poor sense of humor, Fat Princess Adventures fails to surface above its shallow setup. It's a top-down hack-and-slash game, where you and three other players battle hordes of enemies and complete simple quests. The adventure takes you from forests to the grimy deck of a pirate ship, all in the pursuit of saving the world. Along the way, you collect loot to beef up your posse and eat cake when you need a boost of energy. The story picks up where the original Fat Princess left off, with The Red and Blue Kingdoms united to form Great Bitten. Shortly after this union, the Bitter Queen emerges, threatening to destroy everything sweet, including the kingdom, its princesses, and their beloved cake.

              Rainbow Six Siege Review
            ,Few modern shooters can match the heart-pounding exhilaration and immense strategic depth Siege achieves with its asymmetrical PvP. With no respawns, no regenerating health, and only five players per team, every life suddenly feels meaningful and precious (though you can still monitor security cameras and communicate with your team in death). Running-and-gunning will almost certainly land you on the sidelines, so you're much better off using your drivable drone to scout ahead or coordinating with your teammates to ensure all sightlines are covered.

              Galak-Z: The Void Review
            ,The Void's main focus is its score attack mode. It thrusts you into the titular abyss as you fight through familiar enemies such as space bugs, pirates, and mercenaries, all in the interest of increasing your standing in online leaderboards. There is no actual end--as long as you survive, you continue.

              The Crew: Wild Run Edition Review
            ,Now, just shy of 12 months later, Ubisoft has released the Wild Run expansion, and like the original, it bursts with ambition, building out the base game with motorcycles, monster trucks, drag and drift builds, new licensed vehicles, dynamic weather, visual upgrades throughout, game-wide physics adjustments, and a massive on-going online competition called The Summit. With such an impressive suite of new opportunities on offer, it's painful to report execution once again undermines ambition.

              Skyshine's Bedlam Review
            ,In Skyshine’s Bedlam, you helm a vehicle known as the Dozer. The minute story details change from playthrough to playthrough because of the procedurally-generated nature of the game, but the main goal is to flee your home of Bysantine and drive you and your passengers to the Aztec City--Bysantine is suffering under the tyranny of a crazed warlord, King Viscera (no, not the ex-WWE wrestler). Along the way, you're stopped by wanderers, hostile factions, and other events and people that prevent you from just making a bee-line to your destination.

              Anno 2205 Review
            ,Thankfully, humanity doesn't have to start from scratch. During your campaign, you have access to bits and pieces of advanced technology leftover from Earth's better years, but there's still a lot that needs to be rebuilt. That's where you come in. You're responsible for constructing new houses, roads, and factories, plus all the logistical systems that are required to support and transport all of your goods.

              Chronos Review
            ,A third-person action-adventure game, Chronos puts you in control of an 18 year old character, and every time you die and respawn, you age a year. With aging comes changes to your character. While you're young, there's a bigger emphasis on your strength, agility, and vitality stats, but that wanes as you grow older--your arcane stat becomes more significant, as your other three stats grow at a slower rate. Starting at age 20, you earn a trait every 10 years that grants you a significant stat boost in either strength, agility, arcane, or vitality. Getting older is just as scary as it is in real life, so staying alive feels paramount to staying strong and healthy; thankfully, it's not quite as dire as that since I never felt like I needed to restart because I had gotten too old--you don't lose any of the points you assign after leveling up.

              Invisible, Inc. Console Edition Review
            ,It’s tense and challenging, yes, but Invisible Inc. is also simple, elegant, and always logical. It introduces new concepts in a slow drip, giving you plenty of time to work out the details. The titular spy agency is violently infiltrated, initiating a time-sensitive series of global heists and sneakabouts, each of which you control from an isometric perspective in the style of strategy games like XCOM. You begin with a duo but steadily add imprisoned agents to your roster as you spring them from holding cells. Ultimately, you take up to four agents on missions, which typically involve obtaining sensitive data from a terminal, grabbing ill-gotten credits, and hightailing it out of there.

              P.O.L.L.E.N Review
            ,First-person adventure games have received a lot of attention over the last couple of years. Releases like Firewatch, Gone Home, Everybody’s Gone to the Rapture, and The Vanishing of Ethan Carter deliver strong, emotional narratives through high quality writing and environmental design, with artfully crafted atmosphere.

              Offworld Trading Company Review
            ,I bought up some land on prime locations, taking care to keep them far apart so I couldn’t lose control of my critical buildings all at once. Then I built some new geothermal plants--the most efficient and productive energy producers available--before employing hackers to jack up the price of power even higher. Then I used a series of black market options including labor strikes and dynamite to disable the power plants of my competitors. Soon I was the only supplier of power around and I was selling it for ten times what I'd paid just a few minutes before. My debt evaporated in seconds and I crippled my foes, causing their stock prices to tumble. I sold off some assets and bought my competitor's shares up. And it was all over.

              Severed Review
            ,Severed places you in the role of Sasha. Her home burned, her family taken, and her left-arm severed, she wakes up to find everything she loves destroyed. When a mysterious and frightful vision bestows her with a living sword that sucks up power by severing limbs, Sasha ventures forth into a nightmarish maze in search of a resolution.

              The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 3: What We Deserve Review
            ,The fallout of the second episode is dealt with, for sure--and how to leverage that outcome in order to please Norma and the remnants of the shantytown Michonne helped ruin. Once it’s figured out, however, Michonne is left as the only true adult in a house of abandoned children. The time with them that follows can be played coldly, but the cruelty of Michonne keeping distance from those in need, given what she has and will envision, doesn't feel right. To take Michonne this far is to accept that the mother she was did not die with her daughters, and more than the machete at her back, this is what will keep her alive. And so much of the first half of the episode goes, with Michonne carefully preparing her unconventional family for the worst. Aching, mournful moments lie within: a mother’s last letter, having to explain to a child what happened to his father, the decision to spend precious time to conduct a burial. And yet, it is all to the benefit of Michonne herself, showing strength far beyond the ability to lop of zombie limbs.

              The Banner Saga 2 Review
            ,However, this is not the ideal point to enter the series. The Banner Saga 2’s mechanics, its layers of consequential decision-making, strategic management, and tactical turn-based combat are enjoyable within the confined context of this sequel, but the narrative events of The Banner Saga are intertwined with its mechanical decisions. Many plot developments and branching commitments, one of which players may have to make before the game even begins, are made more potent and morally complex with knowledge of events from the first game in the series.

              MLB The Show 16 Review
            ,Which brings me to MLB The Show 16. Like Keeler, the latest addition to Sony’s long-running baseball game franchise is also one of the greatest of all time, once again making its spectacularly realistic simulation of the National Pastime seem awfully easy. Even though the series has been so good for so long that I’m always tempted to take it for granted, every spring I find that the game has been improved just enough over the previous edition that I can’t imagine going back to its predecessor. This year is no different. While the features list doesn’t contain any showstopping changes, the new MLB game has grabbed me yet again.

              Kirby: Planet Robobot Review
            ,Like so many of his past outings, Kirby's latest adventure is about partaking in a lively world filled with charming monsters. Kirby can inhale these creatures to acquire new abilities; you can go from swinging a sword to throwing bombs to riding a wave of poison all in the span of a few screens. Kirby has more than 20 transformations in Planet Robobot, and it's an impressive feat that each one offers a distinct skillset that redefines how you move, attack, and defend.

              Duelyst Review
            ,A lot of the trappings around Duelyst will make longtime Hearthstone players feel perfectly at home. You can select from several factions--equivalent to classes--and enter practice matches against AI, online matches with other players, or a tournament mode where decks are built on-the-fly. Three losses in a single tournament (a mode which is still in development and is therefore not always available) equals elimination, while the number of victories dictates the value of the reward a player receives. There are orbs instead of card packs to purchase with in-game or real currency, but they function in much the same way. Once opened, they spit out cards of varying rarity for the game's different factions, as well as a neutral faction that you can freely utilize. Unwanted cards can be broken down, coveted cards crafted, and decks can be customized to your heart's content.

              The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt - Blood and Wine Review
            ,Blood and Wine is sometimes as thematically dark as its predecessors. The vampire-focused main story explores the creatures’ innate lust for blood, among other quirks and passions, and the related scenes are dramatic and distressing in fine Witcher tradition. Yet compared to the rest of The Witcher 3, Blood and Wine is brighter and more ebullient, downplaying the melancholy and bringing humor to the forefront. That isn’t to say that this series has never been funny; in fact, it’s always possessed a wicked sense of wit. The humor has never been this ubiquitous or straightforward, however. You might hear a local singing “El Condor Pasa” under his breath as you pass by on your search for a statue’s missing testicles, or you may do a double-take when you notice not-so-subtle references to GOG.com, publisher CD Projekt’s digital storefront.

              Soft Body Review
            ,You control two snakes that either move in unison or independently, dependent on the given level. The control inputs typically only require the left and right analog sticks. Using them, you guide snakes around a geometric landscape filled with angular enemies that emit waves of projectiles. You have to complete a collection of small objectives in order to beat each level, which usually involves moving a small ball or circular object around a maze, “painting” borders by touching or merely coming close enough to them, and destroying nearby enemies. The objectives remain simple and straightforward throughout, but the layout and challenges vastly differ from puzzle to puzzle. Despite their variance, none of the puzzles stray too far from Soft Body’s established rule set, and each design features the similar visual stylings and effects while also introducing new colors and contrasts.

              Stellaris Review
            ,We'd coexisted with our neighbors peacefully for centuries, but we were out of space and desperate for some breathing room. Our scientists yearned to comb through the rest of the galaxy's hyperspace lanes and long-forgotten ruins. And our priests were compelled to spread the will of the divine. So the galaxy erupted in war.

              Homefront: The Revolution Review
            ,Its attempts to explore those political themes feel clumsy and superficial. Its mechanics embrace the scrappy nature of guerilla combat, but technical shortcomings generally force you into rudimentary run-and-gunning. The lengthy story campaign packs plenty of impressive moments that make good on the promising premise, but the game's myriad flaws turn what could have been a thrilling yet thoughtful shooter into a derivative, mediocre also-ran with serviceable shooting and plenty of unrealized potential.

              The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 2: Give No Shelter Review
            ,There's a woman who similarly looms over everything in The Walking Dead: Michonne. Her name is Sophia. You will never meet her. And yet, her absence is a black hole destroying the gravity of her entire family. It’s that absence that has radiated far enough outward to involve Michonne, a mother who's also shattered by familial loss. That encroaching sense of dread lends Walking Dead Michonne’s second episode thematic weight that felt far out of reach in Episode One. Now, Michonne's story feels worthy. Which, for Telltale’s The Walking Dead, means that it will play unholy havoc with your heart from beginning to end.

              Black Desert Online Review
            ,With these and so many other messes crying out for a cleanup crew, how is it that Black Desert Online is so absorbing?

              Hyper Light Drifter Review
            ,It is more than simply pretty; Hyper Light Drifter uses its visuals to both guide and relax you. The grandest vistas calm your pulse between difficult, breathless combat sequences. Developer Heart Machine applies to its visuals a lesson music composers learn early in their studies: rests are as important as notes. Heart Machine uses the number of notes required, no fewer and no more; during the rests, you explore the world, looking for secrets and valuable health packs. You take in sights such as a colossal mechanical hand--iced over, disembodied--and wonder about the titan it belonged to. You speak to citizens, who warble at you unintelligibly and warn you of danger with simple graphical speech bubbles. In each of the game's regions, the color palette grows more complex. Yellows and soft pinks turn to rich greens and mauves, and even later, deep purples. Few games use color so well, with its sandy browns and blistering oranges depicting the blazing desert heat.

              Dirt Rally Review
            ,In 

              Adr1ft Review
            ,Adr1ft opens on the Han-IV, a a space station shattered in the aftermath of a horrific accident. We inhabit the space suit of Commander Alex Oshima as she tries to discern what went wrong, how she can fix it, and whether anyone else survived. Through audio logs and clues in the Han-IV's silent halls, however, we discover problems that existed long before the station's sudden catastrophe.

              Samorost 3 Review
            ,This, unfortunately, hints at the disappointing duality underlying Samorost 3. Its enchanting visual aesthetic and captivating sound design imbue the game with otherworldly charm, yet its dated, underwhelming puzzles detract from the surreal beauty of the experience with moments of frustration and confusion. Relative to the inventiveness of the world and immersiveness of the music, the gameplay is surprisingly routine. Still, in the tug-of-war between the two, the triumphs of the presentation ultimately eclipse the shortcomings of the puzzles.

              Tastee: Lethal Tactics Review
            ,It all revolves around simultaneous turn-based combat in two phases. In the planning stage, you direct the stance, movement, vision cones, and attacks of four individual mercenaries fighting your opponents. In the action phase, you watch your plan unfold--all while the enemy does the same.

              EA Sports UFC 2 Review
            ,Details such as how the camera pans around the octagon and, in front of a raucous crowd of drunken fight fans, Bruce Buffer takes centre stage to bellow out his familiar lines with all the gusto we’ve come to expect from the Veteran Voice of the Octagon. How the crowd roars into life with chants of Ole as the Notorious Irishman Conor McGregor faces up to his next opponent, and Joe Rogan erupts with manic fervour as fist connects with jaw and a fighter is sent sprawling to the canvas in a bloody heap.

              Hyrule Warriors Legends Review
            ,One of the drawbacks of Hyrule Warriors was play fatigue, with each level demanding repeated stabs of the slice button for upwards of thirty minutes. The option to close the 

              Starcraft 2: Legacy of the Void Review
            ,Everything starts with the campaign, which is intended to tie up the bulky story of the game's three races: the human-inspired Terrans, the insectoid Zerg, and the hyper-advanced Protoss. These three factions have been at odds in an almost-constant war for quite some time. But as these things go, a new, more potent threat has emerged: Amon. He comes from an ancient race of beings that created both the Zerg and Protoss. He wants to unite all life by morphing them into chimeric hybrids through cross-breeding and extreme genetic engineering. His experiments and the corrupted minds of many of his followers are the focus of Legacy of the Void's story mode. With the help of old guard Protoss heroes Zeratul and Artanis, your goal is to dismantle Amon's massive armies and prevent his twisted vision of “perfection” from taking over the galaxy.

              Mario Tennis: Ultra Smash Review
            ,There is, for example, no tutorial mode. There's a rudimentary text tutorial buried so deep in one corner of the main menu that you can't even navigate to it using the Pro Controller, but it's too superficial to prove truly useful. You can easily hit random buttons and figure things out as you go (this is a light, arcadey take on tennis, after all), but eventually, you're going to run up against an AI opponent who crushes you with maneuvers that require a bit more technique. I got destroyed by an embarrassing number of near-unreturnable Ultimate Smashes before I finally figured out how to reliably execute them myself, rather than simply mashing what I assumed was the appropriate button.

              Warhammer: End Times -- Vermintide Review
            ,And the similarities don't stop there: the special enemy types, the glowing silhouettes of your allies, even the fly-by camera that zooms into the back of your character's head at the start of each mission are all lifted straight from Left 4 Dead. It's pretty shameless, but it's also not such a bad thing. What worked about Left 4 Dead's frantic cooperative gameplay works here as well. Plus, Vermintide builds on its predecessor's formula in a few meaningful ways that capitalize on the grimy, medieval feel of Warhammer's End Times lore.

              Read Only Memories Review
            ,Outwardly, ROM is a neatly arranged, stylish adventure game that looks like it could have been released 20 years ago. It opens with a short, expository introduction, and a quiet, run-down room to explore. That modest preface quickly leads into a grim story about poverty, the underclasses of society, and a lonely, ambiguously gendered robot looking for their creator.

              Game of Thrones: Episode Six — The Ice Dragon Review
            ,In Episode Six, The Ice Dragon, it's time to pay the piper and suffer the consequences of all these choices. And although this episode leans a little too heavily on some odd elements that feel out of character for the Game of Thrones universe, the climax of the Forresters' story brews a perfect mix of anxiety, heartbreak, and a smidge of genuine horror.

              Yo-Kai Watch Review
            ,Yo-kai Watch's is designed for younger players--but don't that let discourage you from giving it a go. You play as a little boy or girl who releases a ghost named Whisper, a self-professed "Yo-kai butler," from his enchanted prison. He gives you the titular Yo-kai Watch, a piece of equipment that allows you to see and speak with Yo-kai. These Yo-kai are everywhere you go--under vending machines, in trees, harassing your parents and friends--and after a while it becomes apparent that something sinister is going on with the more evil-minded of these beings.

              Sword Coast Legends Review
            ,So it goes. 

              The Park Review
            ,It is apparent that this amusement park is unusual, with a shady past dotted by construction problems, fatal accidents, and murder. Into this creepy environment steps Lorraine, a young widow who has labeled herself a failed mother and exhibits strong feelings of self-doubt. She vocalises these via monologues that gradually reveal more of her inner conflicts as you walk around and search for her son, Callum. Your insight into Lorraine's plight deepens over time as you learn about her struggles as a mother, a process which strengthens your connection to her character. As much as she's Callum's mother, Lorraine is an individual with her own problems and insecurities. It's a different take on the complexities of parenthood and the tumultuous and sometimes contrasting emotions that develop between loved ones.

              Downwell Review
            ,In Downwell you control a character using only three inputs: left, right, and an all-purpose action button. Pressing the action button while on the ground makes your character jump. Pressing the action button while mid-air causes your character to fire a limited number of bullets downwards, and these bullets can break destructible floors, eliminate enemies, and let your character hover for a brief period. There is only one objective: get to the bottom. And when you die, you start from scratch. The basic systems are straightforward, but the benefit is that it makes the game especially easy to pick up and play. Eliminating the need to think about moving in any other direction, or even switching between two separate buttons to jump and fire, successfully allows players to completely concentrate on the task at hand.

              Minecraft: Story Mode Episode Two -- Assembly Required Review
            ,(Watch out--there be story spoilers below. If you want to go into this episode fresh, skip to the last paragraph. Read our review for 

              Armikrog Review
            ,Armikrog is visually striking. Everything in the game is sculpted from clay, and as a result it has a distinct handcrafted style that’s imprinted onto its world. From the human fingerprints that adorn each area's molded walls to the stop-motion flow of its protagonists' walking animation, there's a level of detail and painstaking labor that you can't help but admire. It's an endearing, refreshing change of pace from gaming’s typical polygonal or pixelated worlds.

              Mushroom 11 Review
            ,Such curiosity has led to a library's-worth of books, comics, films, artwork, and games covering the subject. 

              The Legend of Zelda: Tri Force Heroes Review
            ,Tri Force Heroes is Nintendo’s second original Zelda title on 3DS after 2013’s stellar 

              Life is Strange, Episode Five Review
            ,Polarized opens with Max in the dark room from the 

              The Legend of Legacy Review
            ,The game begins with you choosing from one of seven heroes to travel to the remote island of Avalon, which a decade ago emerged from the ocean. The mysterious land has been settled by an eccentric fellow who now serves as its king. He sits on a comfy throne, flanked by several guards, and he beckons adventurers to his domain where they are free to explore local ruins and keep whatever treasure they find.

              Fatal Frame: Maiden of Black Water Review
            ,The story takes place in a small rural Japanese town and on Mt. Hikami, a neighboring landmark that has become a popular place for young women to commit suicide. The mountain hosts a number of dilapidated buildings, including a shrine that in ancient days was filled with pious maidens. Unsurprisingly, everything is haunted.

              Tales from the Borderlands: Episode Five — The Vault of the Traveler Review
            ,This last part is a particularly big one. Explaining in detail is spoiler territory, but the specfic circumstances of The Vault of the Traveler's epic conclusion are entirely dependent on which characters you helped in previous episodes. Did you help Athena and Springs' relationship? Did you impress Zer0 way back in 

              NBA Live 16 Review
            ,If you consider each element of the on-court action--from the act of shooting to playing tight on-ball defense--it’s fair to say that NBA Live 16 is a much more playable basketball game than its immediate predecessor. Executing crossovers or hesitations and pulling up a quick jump shot actually feels good, with a new shot meter giving you a much more accurate sense of your player’s optimal release point. The previous gap between the peak of a player’s jump and the correct spot to release the ball has been tightened to eliminate any visual disconnect, and the smoother dribbling means you can fake and spin without always sloppily losing the ball or getting stonewalled by poor AI defenders.

              Animal Crossing: Happy Home Designer Review
            ,It's important to note that Happy Home Designer is less a traditional game and more a creative canvas for laying out and designing rooms. It would be more apt to compare it to a game like 

              Transformers: Devastation Review
            ,Even just looking at Devastation feels fun. Its cel-shaded world is steeped in bold, saturated hues that perfectly suit the subject matter. Action sequences explode with bursts of color, characters move with dramatic speed blurs, hard black outlines frame every object the way they might in a comic book--essentially, every loving detail perfectly conveys the vibe of a classic Saturday morning cartoon, as does the story.

              Chibi-Robo Zip Lash Review
            ,Despite being a key part of completing some levels, seeking out extensions for your grappling-hook ultimately feels pointless. It's great at the end of the level when you can toss it into a hallway and watch it bounce here and there, grabbing coins and other collectibles, but it's deflating when it's back to square one at the start of the next level. It would have made for a much more meaningful experience if your tools and abilities progressed over the course of the entire game, and it could have paved the way for more complex levels, too. Unfortunately, it's handled on a level-by-level basis, thus any joy you derive from making progress is short-lived, and you begin every level tackling the most basic of challenges.

              Grand Ages: Medieval Review
            ,I knew this was what Grand Ages offered going in. I knew that the game focused on economic and diplomatic power and even went so far as to discourage military intervention beyond basic self-defense. I was excited to see a game try to focus on more subtle definitions of power. What I played, however, was possibly the dullest iteration of this. Grand Ages attempts to build itself on an intricate web of economic systems, but it reduces the nuance of finance and politics into convoluted trade networks and one-dimensional diplomacy.

              Elite: Dangerous Review
            ,There's a slightly less cumbersome way to enjoy this, of course. Elite: Dangerous has been around since last year for the PC, where the keyboard is the perfect interface for a complex array of inputs. Xbox One players may share the same galaxy and economy as their PC cousins (which is odd, considering that players on both platforms can't actively play together), but they must experience it with all those actions crammed onto a gamepad. It's rough, but functional. Simple D-pad combos keep key features such as landing gear within reasonable reach, and an option to bring up an in-ship HUD with menus by pressing R3 removes much of the need for acrobatic finger-work.

              Armello Review
            ,At first glance, Armello can feel like a tangle of things--dice and cards and boards and coins and stats--but the quick four-part prologue does a good job of making sense of these pieces. Your primary actions include moving a character around the board to complete quests and avoid hazards. There are eight playable characters, and each character has different strengths, weaknesses, and abilities in addition to items they can equip to skew their stats in a slightly different direction. They also each have great-looking combat animations. Ever wish Disney's Robin Hood had 40% more bears punching each other senseless? Well, this game is for you!

              Fire Emblem Fates: Revelation Review
            ,Revelation's first six chapters are the same all the other Fates' titles: the family that has raised you, the royals of Nohr, are not related to you by blood. You are a lost prince or princess of the Hoshido kingdom, a neighboring nation at war with Nohr. On the battlefield, as your siblings both blood and adopted close in on you, begging you to return to them, you are given a choice: side with one or the other. Revelation, however, offers a third option: choose to side with neither.

              Fire Emblem Fates: Conquest Review
            ,Eventually I had to relent; by allowing a few too many people to die (three), I had doomed my little army to a massacre. If I had the chance to grind for more experience to bolster my party, I would have, but Conquest wouldn't allow it. Conquest is a forward march that offers little time for anything other than story missions, and while the challenge of playing under strict conditions led to tense battles and meaningful victories, I ultimately missed having the opportunity to take a step back and enjoy the long-game of raising an army.

              Layers of Fear Review
            ,So it came as a surprise to find there are no monsters in first-person fright fest 

              Darkest Dungeon Review
            ,That's the kind of moribund humor Darkest Dungeon works with. Everything here is a little weird, and it'd be easy to pass it off as yet another game inspired by Lovecraftian horror, but Darkest Dungeon's gameplay makes it so much more.

              Firewatch Review
            ,As with other story-driven, first-person adventure games like last year's 

              Devilian Review
            ,When you're on the main path, Devilian is an easy game; and that's OK. You gain satisfaction from tinkering with skills and equipment, and from the seemingly never-ending stream of rewards that the game throws at you. There's room to seek out a challenge, of course. Each of the game's optional dungeons have three difficulty modes, while the special Archdevil dungeons are particularly difficult as a rule. PVP battlegrounds and the Abyssal Tower can get pretty rough as well. Devilian is a relatively satisfying experience because of how flexible it is. When you want to dive deep, there's always something to do, and when you want to coast and watch your fantastical warrior transform into a devil and mow down enemies, you can jump in and do so with ease.

              Blade & Soul Review
            ,Blade & Soul's problems partly spring from its timing. It's only "new" in the West; East Asian players have enjoyed it since it came out in South Korea way back in 2012, when it and other Korean MMORPGs like TERA started to grab headlines for action combat. Blade & Soul is a time capsule of sorts that contains few of the quality-of-life changes introduced to the genre over the past few years, and the usual bugbears strut across the stage here: the wide tunnels for leveling that hint at an open world but don't really deliver it, the torrent of mindless kill-and-fetch quests, and the hyper-sexualized depictions of women and young girls that leave many Westerners either shuddering with shame or giggling at the proportions.

              The Deadly Tower of Monsters Review
            ,The conceit of The Deadly Tower of Monsters is that you are watching a DVD of a film of the same name with commentary from director Dan Smith. Nearly every action you take is accompanied by maniacal comments from the director. The film itself follows the travails of Dick Starspeed and his two companions--an alien woman and his robot servant--as they try to overthrow an evil emperor exploiting an alien world for material gain while they climb a seemingly infinitely tall tower. It never goes any deeper.

              Lego Marvel's Avengers Review
            ,The same could be said of the many Lego games that have released in the decade since 

              This War of Mine: The Little Ones Review
            ,But then I heard about This War of Mine: The Little Ones--which adds children to the mix--and suddenly found my interest renewed. This addition surely wouldn't make the brutally depressing narrative any more palatable, but the presence of children would certainly add a new dimension to the story, one that also needs to be told if you’re going to have a game simulating the soul-sapping reality of being a civilian trapped in a warzone.

              Hard West Review
            ,The basic structure of Hard West mimics old-school tactical combat games, right down to the inability to save progress on demand, which can be a pain in longer missions. You operate a small party of cowboys and cowgirls, each with traditional core stats (Aim, Defense, Movement, Sight, Luck, and Health are used here) and inventories to manage. Every scenario plays out on a territory map where you venture off to specific locations as a posse and gradually progress the story through various battles and encounters.

              Bombshell Review
            ,The “broken” moniker is a tricky one in modern game publishing, of course. The bugs I encountered may be fixed by the time you read this review, but I can only review a game as provided, though I will give some benefit of the doubt to developer Interceptor Entertainment, which provided a list of bugs I am promised will be fixed by full release. The bugs that didn’t appear on that list are numerous, though, and as of this review’s publication, include a game-ending crash that still hinders me from reaching the finale. It’s possible you may not make it that far, however: the first main boss broke repeatedly when I played, finally working properly on the 6th attempt, and leaving me with no clue as to why it broke to begin with.

              Tharsis Review
            ,There are reports of a blocked passage in the maintenance bay which could cause injury to personnel if they try to fix it, but would compromise the ship's integrity if left ignored any longer. Looking at my roster, I still have one competent crew member unassigned, and by all accounts they should be able to repair the damage and be home for dinner. I send the order.

              Casey Powell Lacrosse 16 Review
            ,This marks the latest attempt to capture lacrosse in video game form, following the College Lacrosse mobile series. It's a widespread sport, and growing in popularity by the year, but compared to the titans of football, basketball, baseball, and soccer, it's obscure. Yet it seems ripe for digital adaptation: it's entertaining, physical, and fast-paced. Casey Powell Lacrosse, however, fails to establish a foothold.

              Project X Zone 2 Review
            ,Project X Zone 2's story justifies the presence of its multi-franchise cast of characters by throwing them into a conflict rooted in a war between Shinra--a secret government organization--and a rival organization known as Ouma that causes chaos in the world by opening up dimensional rifts. All the while, mysterious golden chains have started to sprout from the surface in other worlds, commanding the attention of the heroes from each to fight under a unified cause. This setup is as silly as it sounds, and the game spares no effort in addressing it further.

              Devil Daggers Review
            ,Hearkening back to Doom, Quake, and other '90s shooter fare, Devil Daggers touts a grainy art style and direct approach to combat. With the ability to fire daggers from your fingers at a growing tide of demonic enemies, you're placed on a platform in the middle of a black abyss--the only objective being survival, for as long as possible.

              Arslan: The Warrior of Legend Review
            ,Arslan: The Warriors of Legend is adapted from The Heroic Legend of Arslan anime TV show, which itself was adapted from a still-ongoing novel series. The series at large is influenced by a 19th century Persian epic with a dash of Arthurian allusions thrown in. The main character is the prince of Pars, a kingdom in a state of upheaval after being invaded by the nearby dominion of Lusitania. The self-exiled Arslan spends the bulk of the game’s story amassing troops and trusted advisors with the ambitious goal of retaking his kingdom.

              The Walking Dead: Michonne - Episode 1: In Too Deep Review
            ,In game, the decision of whether or not Michonne’s story ends by her own hand is interrupted by Pete, a fellow survivor who comes across Michonne at her rock-bottom moment. The game fast-forwards to Michonne now living onboard Pete’s boat with a few other hardy shipmates. Pete is trying to reach another group of survivors he trades with regularly, but is only able to pick up a distress call from a nearby abandoned ferry. From there, followers of the show, the games, or the comics can pretty much guess how things go down. Walkers eventually attack, the quest for resources takes a turn for the grim, and the armed/dangerous human element makes the walkers look relatively low-key as antagonists.
